                      Bounty-Hunters
                      
NPC'S (Randomly appearing during a boot  one at a time perhaps?):
      Greedo, Boba Fett, Jango Fett, Dog, Whiteblade, Batarsis(?)
      
  (Ok now this is a rough idea for 'gear' the bounty hunters can
   purchase for their hunts, perhaps each gear has to be tailor
   made for each individual target.  It should not be cheap as
   then everyone would be getting them just for the fact that it
   is nifty gear for 'pks'.)

Gear - net (saberesque), Tracking Devices, Darts (poison; self
       explanitory as it damages over time. Tranqlizer; these
       could limit the number of rooms a person could 'run' into
       etc), Water (for those times when you need to use it on 
       knights [unholy], shardak/BCM [holy], standard [ninjas],
       heavy [for targets that aren't mentioned above].  Smoke
       bombs (hide a rooms location for a 'bit'), wooden stakes
       (used against 'undead' types, noose (parade about captured
       MUDkids, pets etc.), a mancatcher (a pole with a spiked
       collar at the end,  used to restrain a target, the spikes
       are inward facing), trophy bag (perhaps the 'guild-object'
       used by the hunters to hold parts of their targets once
       they have been killed - i.e. hands, ears, heads, scalps)
       hunting hounds (perhaps or just a bit too much, rather 
       consider them a pet or perhaps acts like the templar/BCM
       horse/drakyr.  Dunno really just an idea), pepper spray
       (this just stops combat for a short period, though a few
       of the higher levels, like +50+'s might wowrk less on them
       or perhaps need more of it.) and finally shackles (handcuffs
       leg irons etc, perhaps used on targets or their pets/kids)
       
   (The ideas section of this document.  Not really organised, 
    just a place I decided to lump things that aren't the gear,
    but have more to do with the 'guild'.)
    
Guild ideas - For starters no guild line.  Bounty hunters are usually
        solitary individuals.  Since this isn't a guild there really
        shouldn't be any sort of 'guild levels'. A bounty, perhaps,
        can be converted into exps at a ratio of 2:1.  When a bounty
        hunter manages to get a kill, they auto dismember a random
        part of the kill (left or right hand, ears, head, scalp etc).
        Perhaps a guild board that shows the top bounty hunters in
        the game.  Perhaps expanding the bounty offices by one or
        two rooms (a gear/equipment room in the back, and another
        room that contains the top hunters and/or NPC's that can be
        hired.)