                                God                               (100,000)
                                 |
         ---------------------------------------------
         |                       |                   |
    Play development    Sub-God/super senior     Technical        (700-10,000)
       (Open)                 (Reflex)           (Vertebraker)
                                 |               (Balowski)
     ---------------------------------------------------------
     |                    |                 |                |   
Guild Lead           Area Lead            Player  Wiz Development (201)
(Maledicta)          (Daranath)           Affairs       (Jaraxle)
     |                    |               (Eurale)           |
Guild Approvers(2)   Area Approvers(3)      |       (3)Sponsors   (100)
  (Open)               (Forbin)             |            (Zeus)
     |                    |                 |                |
     ---------------------------------------------------------          
        |                    |               |
        |                    |      Inactives/area coders         (80-99)
        |                    |               |
        |                    |---------------|
        |               Junior wizs                               (20-79)
        |                    |
        ----------------------
                  |
              Players                                             (1-19)

This is my proposal for position openings.  A good alternative if your still
not sold on the concept of me running the show would be to put Daranath in
as the super senior, move me to the Play Development(something I have a lot
of ideas for, btw, if you ever wish to discuss it), and put Zeus in as a
area lead.  I also could handle the Player Affairs pretty well.  I would not
put Eurale in a position to be doing approvals as he was part of the reason
wizards were leaving previously, he also is gone 6 months out of the year
which is not the kind of consistant wizard we need.  However I do think he
is someone who should be in management due to his intelligence and easy going
manner, which allows him often to successfully arbitrate conflicts.  This is
why I reccomended him for player affairs, and I believe that if he took on
an apprentice to handle things while he is away during the winter, he could
work out well there.

The positions that are best for me are the ones that aren't code related as 
thats obviously not my strong suit.  I would point out that we should have a
security position as well, and thats one I could handle also.  Primarily I
would obviously want the top spot simply because I am really good at systems 
and I would like a chance to prove I can manage.  I have no problem taking
fire from others as pretty much that has been how my whole career has been, 
even as a player.  I don't get burned out despite the abuse, and while I love
Nirvana, I simply do not take it so seriously that it truly impacts my mood in 
real life, and as a result I don't get burned out easily.  

My biggest concern in all this is that you pick someone who will get 
frustrated easily and in a few months quit leaving everyone else bickering 
yet again.  I think it is very important that whoever it is has a track record
proving that they can handle everyone here, and that they have been here for
a while without frequent inactive peroids.  This place needs some stability
in the management and someone with a clear goal of expanding the playerbase
and updating some of the legacy limitations due to the age of the mud(I will
mention some of this below).  We need a path and a direction and leadership
that has the strength to see it implemented.

Plans I want to see implemented should I get the position:

WIZARD CHANGES

1) Completely documented help files for wizard commands, as well as some
tutorials for new wizards on how to do some basic things.  I began working
on this with Vertebraker before he left and I think it should be completed.

2) Check and fix all wiz commands, integrate the wiztool into the base set
of wiz commands, and make it so that if you type a wiz command incorrectly
it will show you the correct syntax rather than just returning an error.
This will greatly aid newbie wizards learn the system.

3) Revamped 'snoop' command.  Snoop is a potentially valuable tool that is
being restricted due to potential abuse.  Rather than restrict it in the
current manner where people who are prone to abuse it simply have to earn
the right to use it(L60) and then can abuse it at will, change it so that
every wiz can use snoop and that it works like the prison command and 
forces any wiz under level 100 to enter a reason for using it.  Furthermore,
any wiz under L100 would have the snoop session automatically logged so
that the senior in charge of security could periodically review the logs
and make sure there is no abuse going on.  This would allow this valuable
tool to be used for all, as it is useful both in the instruction of new
wizards and the fixing of player bugs.

4) Revamp the wiz level system from giving a direct level to instead
giving a name for it.  The names I propose are as follows:

L21-39: Apprentice Wizard
L40-59: Wizard
L60-99: Adept Wizard
L100-199: Senior Wizard
L200-299: Arch Wizard
L300-999: Administrator
L1000: Technical
L10000: Assistant God
L100000: God

I think this system is a bit more clear, so that when a player is told
to 'talk to a senior', they actually know what a senior is.  They also
do not really need to know our actual levels, giving a more general idea
of what we do and our status is more useful to the playerbase.  A help
file with the info on these ranks would be written for the player help
so that they could easily find the appropriate wizard for a problem they
are having.  Who screens would not show a level for wizards except for
the basic Nirvana 'who' command, which would list our ranks.  The finger
command would also be changed to reflect this.  This also fits with one
of my proposed player changes and will allow it without major confusion.
See the section on revamping the player levels below in the player
section.

5) Clear chain of command.  Wizards will ONLY go to their superiors in
the chain of command.  Circumventing the chain is not acceptable except
in a clear case of a wizard abusing their power.  Undermining the wizard
above you is to be treated harshly as it only leads to instability in the
command structure and creates the 'soap opera' atmosphere that leads to
the problems we have been having here lately.  The only reason to go above
your superior's head is in a clear case of abuse, and the wizard doing it
needs to be absolutely certain of themselves.  It cannot be just because
they did not like something their boss did.

6) Better seperation of wizards and players.  Wizards would still be free
to socialize at will with willing players, however the interference in 
purely game situations, relationships, and behaviors must end.  I have 
personally seen a few wizards who will actively attempt to 'investigate'
player behavior that other players do not like or are curious about, and
in my opinion this undermines attempts to role play.  If its not a bug, the
wizard needs to ignore requests from players like this, no matter how
curious the wizard is.  Let the players play.

7) Verte or Bal would implement a new standard room obj(Verte has a nice
one) that all new wizards would be taught to use.  This would improve the
quality of new realms considerably and make a lot of modern features
standard across the mud.

PLAYER CHANGES

1) Comprehensive harrassment policy, to be added to the help files.  It
will be spelled out what is and what is not considered harrassment, and
players will be reffered to that when there is a problem just as they are
for triggers/bots and multiplaying help files now.

2) Unified level system.  Essentially keep the 1-19 levels, but stop listing them anymore.  Make it so that players advance extra levels simultaniously
with regular levels(so a L1 player is technically 1+1, L5 is 5+5, etc) until
they hit L19, and then regular level sticks there and extra level advances.
This would accomplish a few things.  

a) When combined with my wizard level change above this would essentially
seperate the wiz levels from the player levels, decoupling an artificial
limitation.

b) It would preserve compatibility with old realms, checks, guilds, items, 
etc, making it so that old code could gradually be migrated to checking the
extra_level variable rather than the regular one, and new code could be done
from the start to check extra_level instead.  This means that other than the
change itself, not a lot of code would need to be changed to implement it.

c) It would create a simplified and easy to understand level system that
would make sense to true newbies.  The current system only makes sense to
people who know the mud and that it works this way.  This is the first part
of my plans to draw new players to the mud.  Those will be explained at
another time unless you want to know this now.

3) A new storage system would be created, to replace both the lockers and
hotel rooms.  I am not certain what the best method would be yet, I have
seen several good suggestions and would open the topic for discussion and
see what comes out of it.

This is my initial list.  I am going to add more to this as more comes to
mind.  Thank you for the oppurtunity.

-Reflex
