Idea for minor pk area:
In my apartment area, the elevator has a loose tile on the floor that currently
has no function.  The tile would be made into a trap door to lead to this area.
The entrance room would provide descriptions of each pk section, as well as warnings.
This entrance room would be the decision point.  There are three choices:  
thunderdome, the cube, or the jungle.  Once he enters the chosen area, he
cannot leave unless he quits (NT area, no exits out of area). Quitting
would result in a 5000 coin fine that goes into some sort of reward pool.
Limits on the number of players in each area at one time:  thunderdome=2, cube
could be limited to maybe 4 or 5, and perhaps the jungle could be unlimited.
RESTRICTION: only players who have pk set, or who have passed Mortal Kombat may enter.

Here's a brief description of each area:

Thunderdome:  This is just a single room where the door slams
behind the 2nd player that enters and the two players fight
to the death.  Quitting results in a 5000 coin fine.
This room will be based on Mad Max: Thunderdome.  Watch the movie
for details, but the idea is to have two players in a cage
fighting to the death.  They cannot have any weapons when entering,
but there will be weapons "hidden" in the cage for them to use in combat.
When the fight ends, all hidden weapons are returned and the players (one ghost
/one player) are moved to a limbo room.
NOTE: This room is no magic, no teleport, no exits, and no weapons, 
except for those weapons hidden in the room.

The Cube:  This is a 2x2x2 or 3x3x3 area which involves a
little more pk skill since there can be other players in it
and there is more room to move around during the fight.  Once
again, if a player quits, he would be fined.

The Jungle:  The ultimate test of pk abilities.  This would
be a 2-D area, perhaps 6x6 or so, but there would also be
trees that could be climbed and holes or tunnels for hiding
and escaping.  Perhaps a player in a tree could have a limited
view of other rooms in the area and the ability to throw
things for damage, etc.  Or a player could tunnel his way
from one room to the other side of the jungle.
NOTE: The Cube and the Jungle could have a randomly appearing escape exit.

Another feature could be a room upstairs from the entrance room where 
players could go to watch the action and perhaps gamble on the outcome.

