
->> Gemini risques: yeah, thats it, fuck me
Heroin risques: oh yeah well fuck you you fuckin fucker..
Wizardchild risques: i can zap every fucking person until ifeel happy..that's
close enough

Someone risques: yeah!

(risque) Eaton wonders if anyone knows any other words besides fuck.....


(risque) Heroin knows a few others, but wtf do ya care :)
(gossip) Eagle flaps her wings once, soars and is gone from sight.
Eaton risques: hahahahahaha Mystra
Gemini risques: fucking great no we cant fucking swear on gossip, great...now
what  we all have to carry bibles and go door 2 door getting people to convert?
Someone risques: gosh darnit golly gee!

Someone risques: thats a dumb point gem ..pick something better than that to
bitch about
Sleepwalker risques: i'll be damned but is mizan around?
Eaton risques: i never said that gemini...just thought it might be interesting
to hear other colorful words too :)
Gemini risques: i meant we cant swear on risque, not gossip
Heroin risques: gee beaver, jimmy crickets do i have to tinkle
Someone risques: oh, thats ok then :)
(risque) Someone points at Herion and falls down laughing.
Gemini risques: jesus christ, i quit cause i thought the sponsorship was all
over, then all of a sudden i login to see something, and i see me sponsor
calling me a fuckin idiot for i donthaveagoddamclue why...and people wonder...

(risque) Heroin hopes the bed bugs dont bite..wave
(Invis) arrina wizs: in the first place, wizard business belongs on wiz
channel, not on gossip or risque

(Invis) arrina wizs: And congratulations, Gemini

->> Gemini risques: ok, now who the fuck is someone
Someone risques: f'n booga

->> Someone risques: the very last person to ever think you would make wizard
->> Gemini risques: milky licker
Someone risques: heard that one already
Gemini risques: snatchfart?

->> Gemini wizs: so whos someone
Someone risques: i like that one, much better!
(Invis) arrina wizs: it is policy not to give up invisible wizzes, Gem
(Invis) arrina wizs: as it is policy not to take wiz business out to gossip and
risque
->> Gemini wizs: thats bullshit
Gemini wizs: not even wizards can know who the invis wizzes are. bullshit
(Invis) arrina wizs: write boltar then, it's his policy
->> Someone licks you.
Gemini wizs: listen here, wizardchild started all that crap by risqueing i was
a fucking idiot, so dont lay some 4ft bulshit on me
Someone risques: gem you have an attitude that just doesnt stop
(Invis) arrina wizs: if they talk on wiz channel, you will see who is invis
->> Gemini risques: oh it was stopped, till i was called a fucking iiot by my
sponsor , and i didnt know why
tell pavlik c'mere!
->> You whisper to Pavlik: c'mere!

->> Someone snuggles up to you.
->> Someone says: im right here silli!

