the Girl:

I have to say that I do want to respond to the boy's previous post. In fact, I posted about it a couple of days ago and then sadly watched it disappear into cyber space when I hit spell check. I would post about that now, but I've been pretty distracted all day thinking about what happened this afternoon, I'll have to save my "Ms. L" commentary for tomorrow.

Today is my birthday and I got the very best birthday present I could ever think of...the Boy! See, the Boy and I don't get to see each other every day. School, work, and living 20 minutes apart usually leaves us with about 3 days a week to spend together. Sundays are not normally one of those days, but the Boy took some time off work and spent about 6 hours with me! He took me to a nearby town and bought me a dozen red roses (gorgeous!) in a Waterford Crystal vase. I was pretty torn about it, half of me thought it was overly extravagant and the other half was reveling in it! He also gave me a card (purification adorable) and a book I've been craving for about a month (The Straight Girl's Guide To Sleeping With Chicks). I also got to spend about an hour in bed snuggling with the boy. As sometimes happens with us, snuggling led to kissing. Kissing led to him playing with my breasts. That, of course, made me just have to slip my hand inside his pants to play with my toy. It finally led to him rubbing my clit and fingering me while I rubbed his cock the best I could in that situation. We decided a good fucking was in order and as I wandered away to find a condom I contemplated the where's and how's.

Normally sex is not a problem, we're in the Boy's bedroom in he's awesome bed, or a number of other entertaining spots around his house. Well, today we were at my mom's house and my mother, sister, and several other people were downstairs. While fooling around in the spare bedroom with the door open was entertaining, I wouldn't want to embarrass my sister by letting her catch us actually fucking on what was her childhood bed. I thought back to the boy's masturbation post and knew that if any bathroom would ever be clean enough for him, it would be this one! I grabbed the boy, the condom, and headed off to fuck on marble tiles!

the Boy is delightfully tall so first I hopped up on the counter and spread my legs for him. One foot stayed on the edge of the counter while I braced the other one on the wall behind himithout taking his eyes off of me he slowly and teasingly guided his cock between the folds of my pussy. He entered just the first inch or so and waited for me to readjust myself to my most comfortable position. I rocked my hips further back so that I could thrust up to meet him and as he pushed his way in I braced my elbows on the counter and leaned my head back against the mirror. As I tend to be pretty tight before we get going, the Boy is always very good about starting out slowly enough not to rip me in two (no matter how much I ask him too!). As he leaned in I could feel every centimeter of his beautiful penis work its way closer and closer to my G spot. When he hit bottom I know that I moaned a bit, despite my best attempt to stay quiet. He put his arms around my back and sort of gathered me in to him while he started thrusting into me with ever increasing fervor. It felt great(!), but after a while I got worried about listening to his belt buckle smack against the tiled countertop and I had an entertaining idea about something I wanted to try. I made him move then I hopped down from the counter and showed him what I wanted to try next.

This particular bathroom is rectangle shaped with the bathtub and wall on one side, facing the long counter. I put my right hand on the counter, my right foot on the bathtub about two feet behind it, and pulled the boy in between my legs. I placed my other hand on the counter and did a pushup so that my left foot could grab onto the bathtub as well. Then I was stretched out between the two, staring into the mirror as the Boy buried himself back inside of me from behind. The muscle strain of keeping myself in this position, coupled with watching the Boy's face as he fucked me made the whole thing madly more intense. Every time he hit my G-spot I just about screamed. When he reached up mybody to grab one of my tits and started playing with the nipple, I almost fell over. My arms and legs got tired after about five minutes so I took my feet off the bathtub, leaned against the counter some more, and raised up onto my tippy-toes.

As I mentioned, the Boy is delightfully tall, so on my tip-toes we were just about the right fit. Since I wasn't perched so precariously, he was able to thrust into me quite a bit harder. This excited us both and as I stared at him in the mirror, he looked almost as far gone as I felt. I couldn't keep my mouth closed any longer, but I managed to keep my voice soft as I urged him to screw me harder. Our frenzied pace finally paid off and the boy gripped my hips tightly as he shook silently from the orgasm. I, on the other hand, began to feel that warm, golden glow (my "sympathy orgasm") that courses through me whenever my partner comes. Honestly, many times I prefer that feeling to my own orgasms.

I slumped against the countertop and reveled in the moment before turning and kissing the boy as we cleaned ourselves up. About then we got called downstairs for birthday cake. My neighbor even commented on the beautiful glow I had and how much my eyes were sparkling today. She assumed it must be my excitement about my birthday or my love for the boy. Those both contributed, of course, but only she knew the real reason...if only those marble tiles could talk!
