When a good friend tells you something, you should always listen. I didn't and look what happened to me. When the boy and I broke up, one of my friends told me just to stay away from him, let it go. I didn't, I agreed with his 'friends with benefits' or whatever else he wanted to call it at the moment. There wasn't much change in our relationship, we called a little less and we didn't make out in public anymore. He stayed over for his birthday. We had a bit of a fight a couple days later so we didn't talk for a couple of weeks. He came over a few days ago to drop off my stuff and said (as he was getting into his car), "By the way, I'm seeing someone. So you can hate me now." I might add, they're not just seeing each other, they're living together. Three years in a relationship...my family tried to move a little over a year ago and I wouldn't let them because I wouldn't leave him. I gave up school, most of my friends, my hobbies, my career, and the thousands of dollars it cost to support him for 2 years...and just a couple of weeks after fucking me all night long, he's living with someone. Maybe writing about it is a little bit cathartic. It's isn't as if I thought he and I should be together right now, I guess I just wanted a little bit more time to heal, deal with this, and get my life back together. He was my only friend, I shut everyone else out. Ever since I met him he's filled the void that my Dad's death left in my heart and my life. He was the person I knew loved me and always would. I broke up with him over and over and over during the past few years because I was so scared to trust another man. Everytime I love and trust a man they die or leave me. He just kept telling me I could trust him and it would be okay, he'd never leave me, he'd always love me, I could trust him. That was a lie. I'm all alone, it's the scariest thing that's ever happened to me. I cry myself to sleep at night and sometimes it's because I'm finally mourning my father's death and others it's because I've lost my best friend. I'm 
l alone and the one person I really loved and really trusted lied to me and betrayed me. It would be a lot easier if I could hate him, but I can't. I want him to be happy, I really do. I'm happy that he's with someone who's good for him and good to him. I just wish that I had never met him.
