The last time I posted was just a little over a week ago and it is perhaps one of the most self-pitying posts I have ever made to live journal. It's not that I disagree with any of it, it still holds true, it is merely that a little time and distance has given me some objectivity. Along with objectivity has returned much of my happiness. Perish the thought, I'm happy again. I must say that this week there have been times when I have been happier than since my father died!

I'm still very bitter about the lying, promise-breaking boy, but it's so much easier to see that in several months the bitterness will wear off and I'll go back to thinking he's a pretty nice guy who was good to me for a couple of years, but who wasn't suited for me. 

Do you realize this is the first time I've been single in over eleven years? I mean really, truly single, not just waiting an acceptable amount of time between relationships. I really like being single...why didn't anyone ever tell me it was this fun? There have been a couple of guys I've considered going out with, I even kissed a guy(!) but I just haven't had the urge to take anything to the next level. I'm having so much fun.

Part of the fun is how much I've changed in the past couple of weeks...aside from the fact that I've really, truly, and honestly quit smoking!!!!! You've all heard me complain about me weight, though I never really did anything about it. Well, I've dropped 35 pounds in the past few weeks. I decided there wasn't really any reason to keeping it on anymore, it was actually much harder work staying heavy than it is to lose the weight. For now at least, I'm sure I'll get back to where I was when I started putting it on, which is still about 15 pounds more than I'd like to weigh. I also chopped just under a foot off of my hair...and dyed it interesting colors. It has three colors in it right now, all reds. Two of them are fairly natural looking, but one of them, though it's somewhat subtle, is most definitely NOT a natural color. It's much fun!

I have class tomorrow (my first one in almost two years!) so I'd best be going to bed. I'm a happy, content little girl for the first time since most of you ever met me. An old friend from Legacies came over on Friday and remarked on how much I'd changed. So has Tyler (who is going to make it to Seattle especially in time for my birthday this summer...BIG party for Cass' 23rd)! I have some time in the next few weeks for playing, so if any of you are bored, give me a ring. I'm all about happy social time.

