A few words of wisdom from Charley Reese on this Veterans' Day...
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Don't let their deaths be in vain

Charley Reese
Commentary

Published in The Orlando Sentinel on November 09, 2000

Did you know that every day in this country millions of Americans desecrate
and insult the fallen war dead?

It's true. These young men died painful deaths to preserve freedom. Yet, how
many times, have you heard people say, "Well, I agree with you on this
political topic, but I'm afraid to say anything about that."?

When you keep your mouth shut out of fear, you are abandoning your God-given
right to free speech.

When you abandon your right to free speech, you are saying the sacrifices
others made to preserve that right are worthless. You might as well drive to
the nearest national cemetery and spit on their graves.

Think about it. You are saying you're going to surrender your right to free
speech because somebody might frown at you, or call you a bad name or,
heaven forbid, stop doing business with you. Yet you expected young men to
overcome their fear of death and terrible wounds in order to preserve a
right you won't even exercise.

I tell you the truth. I heard from a man who fought in World War II, and he
said if he had it to do over, knowing how the country was going to turn out,
he wouldn't go. That's a pretty damning indictment of the present-day
apathy, corruption and lack of patriotism.

When we wake up in the morning, we should first all smile and thank God. We
are alive, which means that there are yet useful things for us to do. We are
free, and we only have to use our courage to live like free people.

When you let other people intimidate you into surrendering the rights God
gave you, you are also insulting God. You are, in effect, saying, "God, your
gifts are not worth any discomfort on my part and are certainly not worth
the money I might lose if I exercise them."

I don't know how God will receive that. I've never presumed to speak for him
or to say that he has spoken to me. But, pardon the unintentional blasphemy,
if I were God, you would be in deep trouble.

Whenever we allow other people to capture our brains, we become their
slaves. Late 20th century slave owners, commonly called the establishment,
are very smart. They figured out that chattel slavery is costly and
inefficient. If you enslave the body, you have to pay for its upkeep.
Enslave a person's brain, and he will do your work and pay for his own
upkeep. Talk about cheap labor.

Hardly anybody wants you to be a person who can think, live his or her own
life, and live free. The commercial, political and ideological organizations
want to control your mind so that you will spend your life in their service,
accomplishing their goals, enriching them. They spend billions of dollars
trying to cram your brain so full of their messages there won't be any room
for your own thoughts.

They want you to slave at your job so you can buy their overpriced junk or
tickets to their tasteless entertainment. The socialists want to fill your
mind with their bilge so you'll abandon the one system that created the
wealth the socialists are living off. Some preachers want to fill your mind
with a false religion so they can enjoy six-figure incomes.

The Hate America crowd treats you like human cattle. It wants to hate
yourself, hate your history and hate the symbols of your culture so you'll
obey it.

Americans, get up off your knees and stand tall. Your life is sacred. Your
freedom is sacred. Your history and your culture and your country are
invaluable. Live free. The worst someone can do is kill you, and you're
going to die anyway. It doesn't matter how you die; it matters how you live.

http://www.orlandosentinel.com/automagic/columnists/2000-11-09/OPEDreese0911
0900.html
