
Engineering MECHANICAL Join us in 
                           Engineering MECHANICAL Join us in lighting up the NBA, NFL & MLB.
                           MicroLite a growing mfgr. of software driven lighting controls in far
                           western suburbs (W. Chgo) seeks Engineer to help us design the hardware
                           reqd. for our lighting controllers using AutoCAD. BSME and exp. with
                           metal an dplastic design reqd. We offer a competitive salary and full time of
                           benefits including 401k. Send resume to: MicroLite Div. of Pittway, 4225
                           Naperville Rd., Ste. 155, Lisle, IL 60532. Fax: 630-577-0808. EOE Visit:
                           www.microlite.net 

.w

Engineering Use Your EXPERIENCE To 
                           Engineering Use Your EXPERIENCE To Make the world a Safer Place... One
                           Product at a Time Thanks to our engineers, Underwriters Laboratories Inc., is
                           the world's premiere organization dedicated to public safety. As a Leading
                           Global Certification Organization, the opportunity is here and now to take
                           your career to the next level. PROJECT ENGINEER/ SR. PROJECT
                           ENGINEER You will use your experience to manage and execute engineering
                           projects, including analyzing scope and specifications, establishing test
                           programs, preparing reports, and assisting in the the logistics of test methods
                           and test equipment. BS degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical
                           Engineering or Engineering Technology from an ABET accredite program plus
                           2-8 years of directly related engineering experience. You will also have
                           working knowledge of conformity standards and demonstrated
                           project-handling ability. We offer a competitive salary, including a signing
                           bonus and comprehensive benefits. Once onboard you'll enjoy our friendly and
                           comfortable work environment which includes business casual attire, and
                           flexible work schedule. Forward your resume to: Underwriter Laboratories
                           Inc., Human Resources (EE), 333 Pfingsten Road, Northbrook, IL 60062.
                           Fax: 847-509-6300. Please visit our website at: www.ul.com. EOE
                           M/F/D/V. Underwriters Laboratories Inc. LISTED 


Engineering DESIGN ENGINEER Product Design 
                           Engineering DESIGN ENGINEER Product Design & Develop- ment
                           department for a major water treatment company is seeking a self-starter and
                           team player. BSME or equivalent education and minimum 3-5 years of
                           related experience required. Knowledge of plas- tics and plastic parts design
                           desired. AutoCAD and Pro-E experience required. Fast- paced environment
                           in a grow- ing company. Competitive sal- ary & excellent benefits package,
                           non-smoking facility. Forward resume & salary requirements to: (no phone
                           calls, please) Everpure, Inc. 660 Blackhawk Drive Westmont, IL 60559 Attn:
                           HR-DE Fax: 630-455-2370 EOE M/F/D/V 

