http://www.the-times.co.uk/news/pages/tim/99/08/17/timopnope01009.html?999



Richard Morrison

Bike-friendly? It's all uphill


Can we become a nation of Lycra loonies? Is pedal power the answer to our health and transport problems? Will Lord Tebbits blunt injunction to the unemployed of the 1980s  "on yer bike!"  be the literal slogan of green-conscious Britain in the 21st century?

So the Government believes. Last month it launched a National Cycling Strategy that aims to double the number of bike journeys within three years, and double it again by 2012. You may be sceptical. So am I. This summer I have cycled the ten miles from my home The Times as often as my creaky old knees permit.

Dull, it aint. Car doors are contemptuously flung open in my face. Such bike lanes as exist (almost none on the big, direct routes) are spiked with broken glass or blocked by parked vehicles. Lorries and that thug of the modern highway  white-van man  overtake so close that you imagine Concorde to be revving up by our ankle. The fumes are foul, the roads perilously pitted.

And if you do reach your destination safely, there are few safe places to leave a bike. An astonishing 150,000 are stolen in Britain each year. In our neck of North London its a popular way for kids to pay for their drug habits.

To add further financial insult to potential injury, a 20 spot fine for cyclists riding on pavements was introduced this month. I invite the Home Secretary to join me on a bike trip along the North Circular Road. I suspect that his views about riding on pavements would be swiftly revised.

There are other irritants. Our railways are now allegedly "bike-friendly". What this amounts to, however, is the provision of six bike places on express trains. Or, on off-peak local lines, you may incur the wrath of fellow travellers by propping a bike in the aisles of already crowded carriages. Not recommended.

Compare that with the experience overseas. In Austria, where I cycled joyfully and fearlessly last week, all the trains and even the Danube ferries have big bike storage spaces. Commuter buses and trams in some American cities and many European ones have bike racks. Here, the idea is greeted with derision.

And yet the Government remains gung-ho about turning us into a biking nation. It will be an uphill pedal. The British may have 21 million bikes stowed away in sheds and garages (in fact, we own more bikes than cars), but we rarely shake the cobwebs off them. Indeed, biking in Britain has now declined to 1.6 per cent of all journeys. In The Netherlands and Germany, the figures are 27 per cent and 12 per cent.

Even sadder is the fall-off in cycling among the young. No wonder our children are the flabbiest in Europe. Fewer than 2 per cent of secondary pupils now cycle to school, compared with 6 per cent a decade ago. My sons school actually bans pupils from cycling there, yet has the temerity to grumble about parents blocking the gates with cars at the start and end of every day. If this daftness is multiplied across the country each day, it isnt surprising that Britain is a giant traffic jam.

The Government has had some useful ideas. A pilot scheme will provide safe cycling routes to 40 schools. Tax breaks will reward firms giving bikes to employees. Local authorities have been given "best practice" guidelines for cycling provision  badly needed, judging from the attempts of some councils to gain "green kudos" by building inferior bike lanes going nowhere at minimal cost.

And soon  how could we forget?  there is to be a National Cycle Network. This grandiose plan, masterminded by the pushy "green" charity Sustrans, will create 3,500 miles of new routes by next summer, and a further 4,500 miles by 2005. Backed by a 43.5 million lottery grant, it is being touted as a "symbolic new start" for biking Britain. A ghastly sounding "Millennium Festival of Cycling" will launch it next June. Yet even this upsets regular cyclists. They accuse Sustrans of creating recreational bike paths through nice countryside on disused railway lines and canal towpaths, rather than tackling the more difficult task of devising direct commuter routes within cities.

The problem, as usual, is money. Adapting busy urban thoroughfares so that cyclists can travel safely is expensive (and politically hazardous) work; in that context, a one-off grant of 43.5 million is negligible. If the Government is serious about promoting green commuting the Treasury ought to make a big gesture along the lines of the "bicycle bills" in American states, whereby 1 per cent of petrol tax revenue is allocated to cycling projects. Thus, even a car-crazy city such as Houston is spending 30 million a year on bike paths.

Our own National Cycle Network wont make that kind of difference, but it might improve things a bit. Until that arrives, my fellow Lycra loonies and I will continue to pedal where angels fear to tread: in the narrow gap between the kerb and the thundering juggernauts brushing our right elbows.

