I am not looking for you - 31 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reply to: anon-49385837@craigslist.org
Date: 2004-11-17, 11:54PM CST


Reading the Men for Women section I realize how fucked up you all are. I want none of your pathetic internet horny fantasies. 

I am not your ditzy blonde materialistic girl fantasy. 
I am not your sugar girl looking for a daddy. 
I am not taking part in breaking your marriage vows and I feel for your wives. 
I am not interested in trading genitilia photos. 
I am not Melania Knauss. 
I am not interested in being your Lunch hookup (because you already have a girlfriend). 

I honestly think you all should go to hell. And, no, I am not religious in the least. 

I am looking for someone who is fucking real and wants to be real with me. Who wants to wake up every day and spend time talking, hanging out, enjoying being alive, and who feels lucky to know someone so cool they are proud to say "that's my girlfriend". 

I want to date someone who wants to create a healthy, real life with give and take, laughter, friendship, respect. I want to be around someone who challenges himself to be a better person every day, and who is not narrow-minded. Someone who is progressive in their social views. Someone who has common sense enough to know when their own behavior is going to cause them or others pain or harm, and common sense to know to NOT GO THERE. Modesty is a great quality and is very under-rated in Western society - I don't want to be around anyone who acts like they're the "shit" (because they are not.) 

I want to date someone who does not need to exert control, manipulate, belittle or look down on other people. Someone who is confident enough in their own views, yet doesn't feel the need to push those views on others. Someone who enjoys learning and reads BOOKS. Who could never live without copious amounts of music. Someone who would rather ride a bike than drive a car. Someone who strives to be in good physical health- and that *doesn't mean* buff or cut or tan (please!). Someone who hates the neurosis, the pollution, aggression and lack of depth of living in the city but also can't stand the lifestyle of the Wal-Mart, uncreative, slothy chain-restaurant loving masses in the suburbs. 

So then, if I may ever meet that guy, which most likely is no where near craigslist, it would be nice to have a cup of coffee, share a smile, and plot our escape. Utopia is something you create, not somewhere you go.


this is in or around city
it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests



49385837
http://chicago.craigslist.org/w4m/49385837.html
