Since I started driving I have found headlamp glare to be a problem.
Over time this has worsened as more trucks and SUVs were put on
the road along with the addition of poorly performing fog lamps and 
bulb replacement headlamps on all vehicles. Actually passenger cars
are often the worst offenders as glare is concerned due to poor 
aiming and beam patterns.

When I drove in Germany, I had no trouble with glare at all. No 
blinding from oncoming traffic or vehicles behind me. Not only that,
but I could actually see the road ahead much clearer because the 
headlamps actually put light where it was needed. There is no doubt
that the ECE requirements result in headlamps that are FAR SUPERIOR 
to those resulting from the DOT requirements. 

questions:

#1) No
#2) The solution has already been found in europe. The ECE 
    requirements and testing show us what we should be doing.
    ECE requirements result in headlamps that do not cause glare
    and result in BETTER visability of the road ahead than the
    DOT requirements.
#3) Any european spec vehicle designed to be driven on the right
    hand side of the road should be able to serve as an example 
    of designs which work. 
#4) From what I see on the roadway, I would say there is little care
    with regard to glare or performance. Most of the effort seems to
    be centered around saving a few pennies to a few dollars per car
    as the public at large doesn't know any better.
#5) Not having worked for either I cannot say.
#6) Yes. I only have my personal experience as a driver. No headlamps
    in europe were glaring to me, HID lamps are often glaring in the
    USA. 
#7) Yes. As for #6 I only have my experience. 
    There is no need to sacrifice being able to see down the road
    when reducing glare. The headlamps on my 97 mustang are glaring
    and are useless for seeing down the road. The Audi A4 I drove in
    Europe did not have headlamps that were glaring and illuminated
    the road better than any north american spec automobile I had 
    ever been in regardless of price.
#8) Many seniors do not drive at night because of the glare. Also,
    there is no need to reduce visibility for glare. Headlamps can
    be designed to put the light (even more of it) where it is needed
    without causing glare. 
#9) I have perfect vision, measured better than 20/20, glare presents
    a problem for me so it cannot be any better for people with the
    difficulties listed.

#10) We should copy the ECE requirements exactly. Move to a world
     standard. This would allow manufacturers to develop only one 
     lighting system world-wide and reduce costs overall. I had 
     no difficulty reading road signs, overhead or otherwise in 
     europe. Visibility was much improved, glare much reduced. 
     Compared to the USA, it was literally night and day difference
     with the US standards being the 'night'. Moving to european
     standards would resolve the issues entirely.
#11) Any cost increases should be offset by being able to use the
     same systems world-wide. If there is still a cost increase it
     should be trivial.
#12) No, the result would be a less glaring beam but with the poor
     visibility typical of north american head lamps now even if it
     were possible.
#13) vehicle lighting is probably the area of safety where the
     greatest gains could be made as it has been relatively ignored
     in the past. So it is worth doing.
#14) As used in the vehicle would be best if there is no conflict 
     with how ECE requirements produce better headlamps.

no comments on questions 16 to 30

#31) I find the odd colors to be very annoying while driving. It is 
     difficult to tell if it just the color, the aim, beam pattern or
     a combination of all of the above that creates the glare.
#32) Color should be limited
#33) None IMO, most seem to be designed as junk to be sold at a high
     price.
#34-36) no comment
#37) no, such a restriction would prevent improvements by those 
     seeking to correct the problems with the OEM lamps.
#38-39) no comment
#40) All, as they are often the sources of glare or useless.
     For instance, the factory installed fog lamps on my mustang
     illuminate road signs!!! fog lamps need to have a sharp cut 
     off at the top of the lamp to prevent backdazzle in fog. 
     The lamps are useless and only create glare. 
#41) ECE, see answere for #40
#42) Yes, the switch should be one that turns off when the car is 
     turned off. This way people will not leave these lamps on when
     they shouldn't be on. Rear fog lamps for instance are only for
     use in fog, yet many people drive with them on in all weather
     conditions.
#43-46) no comment
