Intel's Procedure for Targeting and Terminating Employees  

                                  Written By A Then-Current Intel Employee

     1. Choose the employee to be targeted.   The reason for the targeting is 
     not important.  It can be for performance reasons, but it can also be for 
     any other reason including classic discrimination.   In short, targeting 
     can be for any reason at all, objective or subjective. However, it is very 
     important to avoid any appearance of legal discrimination.

     2.  Study the strengths and weaknesses of the employee.   Destroy his/her 
     present position, where he/she is rated as "meets", in a periodic 
     institutionalized reorganization.  Draft the unwilling employee into a new
     position that prays on his/her weaknesses and prohibits his/her strengths 
     from being used or known.

     3.  In the new position, for which the targeted employee is unqualified, 
     give him/her no training and no direction.  If he/she asks for training, 
     deny that training on the grounds of expense or schedule
     requirements.   If he/she asks for direction, give him/her verbal 
     misdirection and deny later that it ever occurred.

     4.  Cause as much stress as possible for the targeted employee.  
     Give him/her unrealistic tasks with impossible schedules.  Shun the 
     targeted employee in the hallway and in meetings.  Emphasize the targeted
     employee's weaknesses and ignore his/her strengths.  Lie about what occurs 
     in verbal one-on-one meetings.  In the weekly report, take credit for the 
     good things that the targeted employee has done during the week and
     blame the targeted employee, by name, in writing, for what went wrong.

     5.  The above procedure will predictably cause a poor ranking and rating 
     and a poor review resulting in a justifiable corrective action procedure.  
     Note that it is very important that the targeted employee not be
     allowed to transfer into a different position where he/she can take 
     advantage of his/her strengths.  It is imperative that the targeted 
     employee is kept locked in the position for which he/she is unqualified.

     6.  Require the targeted employee to spend a lot of time defending past 
     happenings and present decisions. Heap on the paperwork.   Assign 
     irrelevant tasks with short deadlines - anything to keep the targeted
     employee from doing the job for which he/she was hired.  Requiring longer 
     and longer hours under an ever-increasing degree of stress and paperwork 
     will break most people.   For the ones who don't break, the
     workload is impossible to accomplish so the desired outcome is inevitable.

     7.  When the targeted employee gives up and takes the predestined buyout, 
     feign compassion and give no hint that this whole procedure was planned 
     at a point in time when the employee was doing a good job and oblivious
     to any targeting procedure.  It is very important that by the time the 
     employee realizes that he/she has been targeted for termination, that it 
     be entirely too late for him/her to do anything at all about it.  With
     tongue-in-cheek, wish the victim good luck in his/her new endeavor while 
     escorting him/her to the door.

