(HELP FOR MAGE NEWBIES)

   Hello and welcome to the guild. I will be your friendly neighborhood
mage newbie helper, here to tell you all about the guild, and what
you should do to start off quickly and strong.

   You should look at all the files in (mhelp). They will give you a
good idea about how the guild runs and what you have to do to succeed
as a mage. Make sure to read the latest news on the guild board at the
top of the tower too. There is valuable information there that might
not be in the help files yet.  

What do I do first?
1. Explore the tower. The mages have one of the largest guild halls in
the game, so you will need to become familiar with every room, npc, and
object in the tower. Look at them, examine what they have. Some (train)
you in stats. Others in spells. Even others in schools of magic them-
selves. Make a note of it in your notebook or etchascetch.

2. You can talk to the other mages using (gt msg) this is a great way
to ask for help, and talk about your cat fluffy. You will not have many
other commands you can use at rank 0, so you will have to gain your first
rank in the guild. You will do this buy getting some experience and going
to the guild library.

   In the Library you can (exchange) experience for guild experience at
a rate of 3:1. You will use the library until a higher rank when you will
learn a way to more efficiently gain guild experience. But for now gain
some guild experience and seek out Caladors Room. Buy summoning him in
his room you can (advance) in the guild. After you reach rank 1, you 
can type (commands basic) this will give you a list of commands you can
use for the guild. This list will increase as you level, so check back
on it often. You can use (mhelp command) to learn more about it.

3. You will gain training sessions and spells to learn as you rank up.
You must seek out the npcs in the guild hall that train your stats,
schools of magic, and spells themselves. I would recommend that you look 
at (mhelp attribs) and see what stats will be most important to a young
mage.

See: mhelp newbie2


