

                           [help bots]
-----------------------=========+=========-----------------------   

Automated scripts
Writen by Mizan, approved, -Bp 26-Feb-98
added login/logoff detail, -Bp 16-Mar-98
added summary, -Bp 21-Nov-03

Players who choose to power their characters with automated scripts;
which include one or more of the following; scripting languages,
executables, client program script routines, client side triggers,
batch files, any timed executor, any self pacing program feature or
hardware device hereforthwith referred to as "BOTS" will be at
the mercy of wizards AND players alike, who can regard them as 
NPCs (monsters).

This is not a good thing for your character.

The following consititute as automated running of a character:

1) Usage of a BOT to gain experience or quest points.

2) Usage of a BOT to keep a player connected by implied or
   expressed purposes. This includes, allowing the character to
   idle quit out and then automatically log in only to be idle again.

3) Hybrid usage of a BOT and user interactivity.
   For example; to keep a player character occupied while the user
   performs some other action simultaneously, at the conclusion of
   which returns to monitor the progress of said player at the
   conclusion of same BOT routine.

   In other words, You cannot run a BOT routine, and come back
   to the screen to run another BOT routine. That is not considered
   interactive playing.

4) Any BOT routine which can hinder the response time of a player to
   paging methods such as tells, channels, or personal echoes.

5) Any client side triggers to perform any action automatically for
   the player.  

Of course these rules are very stringent if they are read EXACTLY
to the words. Determination of what is considered a BOT routine
is left solely up to the judgement of the wizard.

In general, a BOT routine perceived to be 'harmless' (showing no
appreciable material gain for the character) will still be ruledlive BOT routine while the user goes to the
bathroom is not recommended. There are facilities in the game
such as motel rooms to temporarily store items and pets in without
fear of interference from other players.


SUMMATION: 
  If you are behind the keyboard and can interactively respond you'll be
fine. If your character is moving around under programmed control, it 
may very well find itself with a problem that is beyond it's programing
or designed specifically to make it hurt itself.  In other words, if 
you program your character to go kill the beggar in the village and 
then go out to get more beer, expect the beggar to turn out be Batarsis
in disguise and take your character's head off. Had you been at the 
keyboard you'd see a message like 'oops that's not really a beggar, this
guy is gonna kick your butt' and would have run away. Your programed 
character thinks it's just a 20hp beggar and gets wasted.
