Code Policy.

This is a formal document to describe Nirvana's policy regarding wizard
code followed since the opening. -Bp 

Document History
1991        	Inacted informally,board postings.
1991-2002   	Followed, various board and login notices when required.
20-Sep-2002     Latest login reminder notice. 
22-Oct-2002     Formalized in current form.
06-Nov-2002	Latest Update. clairifcation of language. added internal

Original Code: 
 
    Those who decide to pull their original, (coded from a blank sheet) 
 areas, items, or other works will be respected as much as can
 practically be done.
    However, this policy is simply a courtsey and if the need arises,
 although it never has, code pulled by it's creator not in any of the 
 following catagories may be restored to repair damage (to other code
 or game play) done by it's being pulled. This is a last resort. Every
 effort will be made to keep the code off line. 
    Once it is on Nirvana, it becomes part of the mud, forever, actively
 open or not. Pulled wiz code will generally remain inactive, and
 unused. Archives may be kept and used as reference material, or  be used
 in a this-is-how-nirvana-was-in.... type feature. These archives are 
 also kept to restore an area if a wizard should return.  
    The administration of Nirvana LPMUD retains the ability to use
 any and all code that is implemented on this mud on Nirvana. 

Modified/Co-authored code:

    Those areas that are adopted, taken over, modified, improved, or
 otherwise not the original work of a wizard may not be pulled by any
 single wizard. The contributor who wishes the code to remain online (or
 left it online) will be respected (generally the original creator).
 Keeping areas, items, guilds, etc in the game has priority over someone
 who no longer wants to be associated with Nirvana.

Nirvana mudlib base code:
 
    Nirvana mudlib base code remains with the mud and remains online
 regardless of the author. This code shall not be transfered to another
 mud under any circumstances, nor shall it be removed from Nirvana. If
 removed, it will be restored from backup. If used elsewhere without
 permission, those using it (and those associated with that mud) will 
 lose any and all expectations regarding their code as outlined in this
 document. Nirvana base code not from open sources is considered the 
 copyright of the head god.

Code referenced by other wizards:

 Code that a wizard has made such that other wizards may use, reference or
 otherwise include in their areas may not be removed. This code will be
 restored from backup if it is removed. By giving free use, it shall
 remain so as pulling it will break the work of those referencing it.  

Repair of damage done by pulling code:

 If it is decided that the best or easiest method of repairing damage
 done by a wizard who yanks his code, is to restore it, then it may
 be restored. This is putting the mud first, above the wishes of 
 a single wizard. This is a damage control effort designed to stablize 
 and keep the mud playable. Generally only the specific files needed
 for damage repair will be restored.

Internal Copying

 Wizard code copying is protected by requiring permission of the
 original author to do so. However, due to the need for a smooth
 running game, the mud admin may assign or allow another person 
 to take over the code when the original author is not available.
 Protection extends only to the creative concept or theme in order
 to prevent duplication internal to the mud. Methods of implementation
 should be shared amung wizards.

Starting Your Own Mud
 
 A wizard is not allowed to take code from here, or use it elsewhere,
 regardless of how he got it unless he personally coded it entirely. 
    This is a simple fairness policy that *MUST* be followed. 
 Those who wish to start their own mud, work on another mud, etc  
 must get stock downloads from anon ftp or some other source and start
 with that, or maybe someone else's lib. Just not this one. It represents
 the work of the head god and  countless others and must not be copied
 to muds other than Nirvana.
