The Doppleganger guild first began on TopMUD in 1989, where it was originally
called 'The Vampire's Guild' (which should explain the bats and fangs).

It started with a very small amount of commands, which included: fang, change,
check_al, set_morph, and guild_news. When the guild was ported over to
Nirvana, just in time to see TopMUD close it's doors for good, it changed
into the Doppleganger's guild (since there was already a vampire's guild).  Why
the name Doppleganger's Guild?  The name was chosen due to the change command.
A Doppleganger is a lycanthrope--a shape shifter--and can do pretty much
whatever he/she wants.  The Doppleganger's live in highly structured groups
and prosper freely, just as the guild does.  Upon realizing that the 5
commands from the Vampire's Guild would never cut it with the competition of
the other 7 guilds that were open at the time (Vampire's, Alchemists,
Assassins, Thieves, Necromancers, Masons, and Clerics), I (Grimm) gathered a
couple friends and as a group, racked our brains for ideas on spells for
several weeks.  The result was a 5 level guild that opened on June 26, 1992.
The guild had a total of 30 commands, including very unique ones such as the
gate and guild lockers.  As a group, we decided that the major emphasis on the
guild would be the members.  We added a guild chat line, and pushed from day 1
the idea of the guild acting as a unit.  To date, this is still one of the
guild's strong points.  After announcing the opening, the guild was flooded by
new people, most of which could automatically jump to guild level 5 by
depositing the required 50,000 coins needed.  Soon after opening, the idea of
Guild Commanders was thought up, and 3 were selected to be guild level 10.  Two
weeks after opening, the guilders were itching for more guild levels and spells.
Another 5 guild levels were opened and the advancement in the guild was changed
from a coin base to an experience swapping base.  The guilders again thrived on
their pets, jump, summon, directs, etc...  As the guild grew, so did the number
of Guild Commanders.  At it's height the guild had 10 Guild Commanders, 2
Guild Seniors, several Guild Wizards, 1 Guild Master (janitor, etc...), and
roughly 350 guild members.  The Doppleganger's guild had no doubt become THE
most popular guild online.

Now the Dopples exist as a throwback to those times, and the commands and
spells have been recoded to be as similar as possible to that era.  Factions
have been added to allow even more advancement and more spells/powers.  Any
guild wizard can add factions that add more speciality within the guild.
