

                           [help heals]
-----------------------=========+=========------------------------   

   To heal during combat or otherwise, quickly, you must find a
'heals' vender. Heals tox your food, soak, and intox when you use
them. On your monitor you will see F% S% I%. This is the amount of
of that type of heal you can take. This % will go up as you use
more heals.

It will reach a point when you can't use any more healing because
your % will be close or over 100%. The only way to use more heals
is to allow yourself to 'detox'. The detox rate for each type of
heal, Food, Soak, Intox, is based on character level. As well as
the amount that each heal will 'tox' you. As you go up in level
your detox rate will go from very high to very low, and your tox
rate will go from very high to very low. So the amount you tox at
level 5 is much higher then that of level 10 for example. And
the amount that you detox at level 5 is much higher then that of
level 10. 

This amount of tox vs detox is balanced so that higher level players
can use  more heals to fight higher level monsters. While lower
level characters cannot use as many heals at one time as higher level
characters, they detox faster.

There are many types of heals. Some tox one type of tox only, others
split their tox rate over several toxes as you use them. While some
tox your intox rate which makes you drunk, speeding up your healing
rate, but sometimes making you hit poorly in combat. It is up to you
as a players to find and use the heals that work best for you.

As a newbie you can buy heals in the newbie hall. You will find
heals that tox all toxes and heal 10hps and sps, 20 hps and sps and
30 hps and sps, at a time. You will see that the price for these
heals goes up as the amount of healing per charge goes up. The price
will also go up based on how much each charge of a heal toxes you.
You will find that as you become higher level and fight harder
monsters, the types of heals will become more expensive.

To use a heal simple look at it. Each heal will tell you how to use
it, if you simply read the description. After you use it, you can
find out how much it heals you. Some heals only heal Hps, or sps,
while most others heal both. The amount also is different for each
heal, but most normal heals heal 50hps, and 50 sps.

It is a good idea to set up an alias for the type of heals you will
be using so you don't have to type out a long command each time you
want to heal.

For example if you had a heal which required you to type 'use heal'
each time you had to use it, you could set up an alias for it by
typing 'alias o use heal'. Then whenever you typed the letter 'o', you
would use that heal, as if you had typed 'use heal'. This is very
important when you are healing in combat when sometimes you need to heal
more then once per round.

Also see:
 alias, monitor, newbie



