From: mizan
 Re:   Wiki stuff
Cc: (To: star) mizan
Date: Sep  9 10:21

There's one thing i forgot to mention last night- which I think should 
be said now- I personally cannot accept from you a defeatist attitude. 
It is simply not an option, and I don't mean to get earwaxian about it, 
but it WILL end right now. 
 
Just as I have a habit of being ill tempered and resorting to supreme 
displays of violence, you have a habit of looking for pity from others 
and trying to justify a lack of action. I am trying to change for the 
better, as should you. 
 
I'm bringing this up as I read your mail about not knowing how to use 
the Wiki, and not being sure if other people will read it, and not 
thinking it may be worth the effort to do X, Y, or Z, or whatever. 
I started from being sympathetic to your feelings last night to being 
somewhat disappointed. Right now I feel as if you aren't really going 
to change, and that admitting wrongdoing was just a fancy dog and pony 
show to get me off your back, and release you with just a slap on the 
wrist. However, as that stands I want you to please prove me wrong. 
 
Don't assume that by admitting guilt and then pouring any of life's 
uncertainties or confessions on me that things will magically get fixed. 
Rebuilding the trust of people who you've rubbed the wrong way takes 
work and effort. For example my image of being a gladiator turning into a 
mediator did not take overnight- it is a process and I can't say that 
I am a statesman or even a mediator just yet. I have a long way to go.  
 
Tools like the wiki take time to use and develop. It is not going to 
happen right away. I fully do not expect people to just jump on board 
with it until some critical mass of usefulness is acheived. I am far 
from an expert with wiki usage. In corporate life, I have set up one 
everywhere I have worked and it turned from a 'wtf' project to a useful 
part of a company's infrastructure through trial and error, hard work, 
and a little bit of luck. The best way to learn is through failure. 
 
Likewise in analogy, my Gary Hobostein comic is not going to be a 
smash hit right out of the box. If i fret about not having enough 
readers, or not knowing where to advertise, or having uncertainties of 
what the next storyline should be- then I might as well just not do it 
at all and have ZERO chance of making it successful. 
 
So I am not trying to scold you, or motivate you, or challenge you  
into stepping up to the plate and running with this L100 realm 
approval thing. Echoing the beginning, this defeatist attitude must 
end. What happens from that point forward is entirely up to you. 
 
Thanks for reading, 
-tij 

