I haven't slept on this but I have tried to put some proper thought to it.
The short answer is that I am not willing to give Jen another chance
as a wizard right now. Perhaps later down the road, but not now.

I appreciate that you are willing to put yourself on the line for her,
but I ask you one thing. What is SHE willing to put on the line for
you? Would she be as willing to help you if your places were swapped?

Jen has really been nothing but trouble on here. You may feel that by
asking other wizards around, that their response of 'sure, no problem'
equates to outright or tacit support for her. I can tell you that the
people I have spoken to hope that she does not return, and I can only
speculate that some have basically passed the buck in anticipating me
being the 'goalkeeper' and ultimately voting 'no'.

I tell you this not to be a dick, I am telling you this because I feel
that other people don't want to hurt your feelings. They have their
own reasons for saying whatever they said. You and I are just going to
have to respect that. I have been asking other wizards for their opinions
No offense, but I cannot really consider the opinions of Fred or X very
highly on this. They are awesome people, but honestly those two guys are
the most forgiving and knowingly do not have to deal with cleaning up any
messes.

You may ask what Jen has done recently to warrant this continued mark
against her- well, I'll tell you what I know verifiably.

- The note that Illarion posted in the green regarding misinformation
  being spread about guild nerfings- This seemed to have been caused
  almost entirely by outright fabrications she had spread to others.
  This sort of bullshit is extremely damaging, not because we run a
  corporation, or because we have trade secrets- but because it affects
  the player base negatively. All of the hard work you have had in
  trying to bring people back is directly threatened by her actions.
  This to me is a very serious offense. She may counter otherwise, but her
  mouth is a serious, serious liability to the MUD. End of story.

- It has come to my attention that the only thing Jen seems to enjoy
  doing online is figuring out who other people's second characters
  are. This is not the sort of behavior that inspires any faith for
  those who are wizzes. I say this in the tone of wondering if you
  would willingly hire a petty thief to work in your shop. I'm not
  implying she is a thief of course, but implying the personality
  conflicts.

I might have missed other things, but this is what comes to mind in
the short term. Now i'll make a subject change...

You may feel Data is a fucking bonehead. You are entitled to your
opinion. I will reserve judgement and give him a chance. He may be
a total bonehead, or he may be a really nice guy. But you know what?
Even if he is indeed a fucking bonehead, he wasn't causing me any
problems as a player. When Fred reinstated him, I bitched about it,
bitched at Data, but in the end came to the realization that I was
wrong and should give him a chance. No matter how much of a douchbag
some people may think Data is- at least we as wizards don't have to
clean up after him. I know that you can recognize this. With Jen,
it's like following up constantly with her spilling wine. They very well
may be small compared to the the collasal oil spill that was Earwax,
but in her end it's like death by a thousand papercuts instead of by
volcano.

She's going to have to prove that she's capable of change. I for one
remain unconvinced. It's up to her - not you - to prove me wrong.
Let's give this an arbitrary time period, perhaps 6 months or so
and then re-visit it. 
