
S P I R I T S

    After achieving great power and demonstrating a lifelong
dedication to the powers of good, a mortal may be given an
opportunity to sever his or her ties to a purely physical
existence by devoting both body and soul to serve a higher
power. This blessed existence begins with a transformation
into the quasi-spirit form known as Deva.
     With this transformation comes mighty powers but also
great limitations. As the very essence of this spiritform is
goodness, so must Deva be limited to goodness. As Deva is
far greater than human, so must Deva maintain a goodness
greater than any flesh form. It is impossible for Deva to
attack or hurt any creature of good and to attempt an evil
act is as antithetical to Deva as flowing uphill would be
to water.
     Deva is purity. As such, it cannot partake of food and
drink as lesser creatures do. While maintaining the ability
to ingest solid and liquid matter, Deva's purity limits the
quantity of these substances.
     The spirit-essence of Deva is its Aura. This Aura is to
Deva as skin is to humans. The Aura is sensed by all who
behold Deva as a brilliant light. Deva cannot interpose
objects between its Aura and its physical presence. Thus,
never will a Deva wear armor.
	In battle, however, Deva is not without defenses. Evil
is unable to pierce the Aura with full force. Weak blows
will be completely deflected and powerful attacks lessened
in force. In response to evil force, Deva uses its energy to
render its opponent's flesh and soul to dust and light.
	Deva strives for higher greatness. To achieve this end,
its abilities are put to extreme tests. Some of these trials
are known to ordinary mortals as quests. Deva must complete
many quests to gain power and status. The most difficult of
these tasks bestow, upon their completion, special powers
and resistances to Deva.
     More importantly to Deva, however, is the opportunity
its actions grant for ascension. Deva, after completing
tasks and gaining power, is eligible to ascend to a higher
state of being - Planetar.
     Plantetar has all of Deva's powers, restrictions, and
resistances - amplified. The Aura gains energy and death is
more readily destroyed. Planetar is also driven to achieve
a higher level of existence. After extreme trials and an
incredible level of proficiency in all aspects of being are
achieved, Planetar may ascend to the highest and most potent
form of spirit - Solar.
     Solar is pure good, pure light, and, when facing evil,
pure power. It travels the known realms with impunity, a
presence so puissant that no creature of darkness can face
it and survive. When Solar tires of the physical plane, it 
can choose to throw off its mortal cloak forever and become
Creator, and be known to all mortals as Wizard.
