Wizard Hierarchy    - by Cosmo - 8/97
-------------------------------------
1  Structure overview:
    God --> Lords --> Seniors --> Team wizards  --> Novice wizards

  1.1 Definitions:
      1.1.1 God = Boltar
      1.1.2 Lords = greater than level 100
      1.1.3 Supreme Council = God + Lords
      1.1.4 Seniors = level 100
      1.1.5 Team wizards = less than level 100
      1.1.6 Novice wizards = level 21

  1.2 Functions:
      1.2.1 The God shall serve as final authority on all mud-related
            issues. Additionally, the God must properly advertise any
            global mud changes to all wizards, and must advertise the
            existing Lord and Senior positions.  Alternatively, the
            God may assign the latter two functions to someone else.
      1.2.2 The Lords, selected by the God, shall each have a specific
            function as detailed in section 2.  There shall never exist
            more than four Lords at any one time.
      1.2.3 The Supreme Council shall consist of the God and his Lords,
            and shall serve as an executive governing body.
      1.2.4 One Senior shall be appointed by majority vote of the
            Supreme Council for each of the eight development areas, and
            shall guide team members in this capacity, as described
            in section 3.
      1.2.5 Each Senior wizard shall have a team of junior wizards, not
            to exceed ten members, whose function is to facilitate
            development within the particular speciality of the Senior.
            Seniors may establish sub-teams as necessary to serve in a
            specific capacity within that team (see examples in section 3).
      1.2.6 All newly appointed wizards shall remain Novice wizards until
            they have completed an area for player exploration.  Upon
            completion of an area, they will become part of a team of
            their choice (adhering to the restriction of no more than
            ten members per team).


2  Lords
   The primary focus of the Lords should be to maintain a global per-
   spective of the mud.  Lords must be able to view issues in an unbiased
   light and keep the good of the entire mud in mind when making decisions.
   Lords should also bear in mind curtesy and tact when dealing with
   players as well as other wizards.

  2.1 Lord of Players
      The Lord of Players is responsible for the Senior of Players and the
      Senior of Quests (see section 3).  He shall provide assistance and
      oversight to both Seniors.  As such, he shall make judgement
      on any player/wizard disputes, be responsible for enforcing all
      rules and policies for both players and wizards, and ensure that any
      changes made to quests and/or the quest point system are beneficial.

  2.2 Lord of Guilds
      The Lord of Guilds is responsible for the Senior of Societies, the
      Senior of Associates, and the Senior of Mini-guilds (see section 3).
      He shall provide assistance and oversight to all three Seniors.  As
      such, he shall make judgement on any disputes involving guild policy
      and regulations, and shall serve as the approving authority on any
      changes to guild policy.  This Lord of Guilds MAY NOT be a Guild
      Wizard.

  2.3 Lord of Realms
      The Lord of Realms is responsible for the Senior of Weaponry, the
      Senior of Material and the Senior of Realms (see section 3).  He
      shall provide assistance and oversight to all three Seniors.  As
      such, he shall ensure that any new weapons, armors, objects, and
      realms are beneficial to the mud as a whole.

  2.4 Lord of Ideology
      The Lord of Ideology has the special role of soliciting and
      developing new ideas to benefit the mud.  This Lord shall work to
      improve the overall quality of the mud for both players and wizards.
      In this role, this Lord must work in close coordination with the
      other Lords to stay up-to-date with other areas and to develop
      implementation of ideas provided by wizards and players.  The Lord
      of Ideology may have a team of wizards working under him.

  2.5 Lord of Security

3  Seniors
   All Seniors may have a team of less than ten wizards working under them.
   Seniors are responsible for their team members and may remove members
   who are unproductive.  Seniors should take an active role in working
   with team members to assist in coding.  Any Senior may give final
   approval to a new area provided that it has been reviewed by the Senior
   of Realms.  Any Senior may sponsor a new wizard.
     Note: Team wizards may reside on more than one team.

  3.1 Senior of Players
      Responsible for resolving player complaints, ensuring compliance
      with player rules, and punishing players as needed.

  3.2 Senior of Quests
      Responsible for approving any new quests, ensuring current quests
      are free from bugs, working with their team wizards to develop new
      quests, and updating the quest point system as needed.

  3.3 Senior of Societies
      This Senior will be responsible for oversight of half of all the
      guilds, the determination of such guilds to be made by the Lord of
      Guilds.  These guilds shall be collectively referred to as the
      "Society Guilds."  The Senior of Societies MAY NOT be the Guild
      Wizard of any of the Society Guilds.  This Senior's "team" shall
      be comprised of those wizards who are in charge of the Society
      Guilds, as well as any wizard currently developing a new guild to
      be part of the Society Guilds.

  3.4 Senior of Associates
      This Senior will be responsible for oversight of half of all the
      guilds, the determination of such guilds to be made by the Lord of
      Guilds.  These guilds shall be collectively referred to as the
      "Association Guilds." The Senior of Associates MAY NOT be the
      Guild Wizard of any of the Association Guilds.  This Senior's
      "team" shall be comprised of those wizards who are in charge of
      the Association Guilds, as well as any wizard currently developing
      a new guild to be part of the Association Guilds.

  3.5 Senior of Mini-guilds
      The Senior of Mini-guilds shall be responsible for any changes to
      the current mini-guilds and the development of new mini-guilds.
      His team shall be comprised of wizards who work to improve existing
      mini-guilds, and provide ideas and implementation of new ones.

  3.6 Senior of Weaponry and Elementals
      Main responsibility is to approve the creation of all weapons and
      monsters.  Additionally, this Senior must constantly review existing
      weapons and monsters for changes or historical illegalities, work
      with team wizards developing new items, and work with Novice wizards.
      The team of wizards working under this Senior consists of all wizards
      creating new weapons and monsters.  Subteams may be appropriate in
      this area.

  3.7 Senior of Material
      Main responsibility is to approve the creation of all objects that are
      neither weapons nor monsters.  Such object would include armor, heals
      and quest items, at a minimum.  Additionally, this Senior must con-
      stantly review existing objects for changes or historical illegalities,
      work with team wizards developing new items, and work with Novice wiz-
      ards.  The team of wizards working under this Senior consists of all
      wizards creating new material.  Subteams may be appropriate in this
      area.

  3.8 Senior of Realms
      The Senior of Realms gives approval of new areas.  He must work together
      with the Senior of Weaponry and Elementals and the Senior of Material
      to give approval of new areas.  The Senior of Realms must ensure the
      new area is free from bugs, all exits are functional and logical, all
      room descriptions are adequate, and the area adheres to an overall theme.
      In this capacity it is important that the Senior of Realms works closely
      with Novice wizards to provide ample examples and coding instructions.


4  Novice wizards
   Novice wizards shall work predominately with their Senior sponsor to gain
   familiarity with the wizard rules, file structure, coding basics, etc.  The
   first task for a Novice wizard is to code an area.  As such, Novice wizards
   should work closely with the Senior of Realms, Senior of Material, and the
   Senior of Weaponry and Elementals.  Upon completion and approval of an area,
   the Novice wizard chooses a team or teams to join under one of the eight
   Seniors.

