Hi there, apologies for the delay in response as I don't usually check
my mudmail frequently. I'm glad that you've been inspired to code a guild.
Just so you know, I am not considered one of the more technically hardcore
coders on here. My role is more like the ISP for the game, and I try to
keep my hands off many issues. Helping new wizards however is one of those
things that I like to do however.

Typically I do not handle the vetting process for new wizards- that's
something that either Boltar does or is done in a collective with other
wizzes. In the past I usually didn't get directly involved so I simply
don't know how that works. The truth is I don't know what to do from this
point on so I will involve other wizards.

That having been said, what I do know about coding of guilds and realms
is that it is always better to start off coding a realm first. I don't 
mean this to discourage you, because it's almost never the technical issues
of a guild that are daunting- but guilds require intimate experience with
the object libraries (sort of like APIs) that coding a realm does not.
I speak from experience in this regard.

Since you have previous programming experience, the transition to LPC
should be fairly straightforward. It is a mostly object oriented environment
with a simplified C-like language syntax. However the object libraries and
APIs were constructed in a very organic manner, so imagine an environment
that has mixtures of programming philosophy and is generally not documented
very well, or at all.

My recommendation is to come up with a realm idea first and develop that
into a solid proposal. With a good area in place, a guild tends to become
the next logical step and has a strong platform to build on. Also, the
process of building an area also grants familiarity with what is legal in
the game, and what sort of things might or might not fly. Anyhow, take
this with a huge grain of salt, as it is subjectively my experience on this.

I will talk with Boltar and other wizzes, so stay tuned.
Thanks!
-miz/ aka Tijger
