The vampire guild is the oldest on Nirvana.  They have always been creatures
of the night, preying on anything living.  They derive their strength from the
blood of their victims.

	Advantages:
	  Speed and Strength - these undead creatures had extraordinary speed
                               and strength, able to kill quickly and then get
                               away before being found out.
          Mental ability - they had the ability to control animals as well as
                           people.  Their strong mental abilities would allow
                           them to cast powerful spells.
          Shapechangers - they could change at will into a bat or wolf to 
                          gain the abilities of those creatures.
	  Coffin Healing - vampires heal more quickly in their coffins.
                           I would think that would hold true here as well.

	Disadvantages:
	  Light - light is the cause of great pain and injury.
          Need for Blood - all their powers were derived from the blood of
                           victims.  No blood, no powers.
          Death to Join - a person must die to become one of these night
                          creatures.  Biting is still an excellent recruiting
                          process but it should kill the victim.
          Limited help - with light damage, it will limit both gear and who
                         one might party with due to sustained damage.

  There vampire guild has an adequate guild pet that if taken care of properly
can be of general assistance during fights.  All old and new abilities/spells
operate off a dual system of spell points and blood points.  A lack of either
of these will cut short any vampire's abilities.  Every activity uses bloodpts
to use so a simple formula was used to accumulate them.  Guild advancement has
been completely altered from the old 'tasks system' which was rife with cheat-
ing and replaces with a 'trials' system.  These trials are much like mini MK
battles to see if the vampire has learned to use his/her new spells/skills
since the last trial.  They will all be done in the basement of the guild hall
and it is a 'one winner' situation once started.  The trials rooms are:
~/eurale/Vamp/RMS/foyer and trial_room.  I also added a ~/Vamp/RMS/nosferatu
lounge for those players who attain max vampire skill level.

  There are 5 'attack' spells located under ~/eurale/VAMPIRES/lib/attack_ that
conform to the guild rules for damage.  There have been some changes in some
of the other spells to bring them into line as far as theme.  All spells are
located in ~/eurale/VAMPIRES/lib.  After much discussion about the vampire
theme, I elected to code a 'defensive' addition rather than an offensive one.
Although adequate power to kill and advance was upped a bit, the ability to
get away lent itself much more to the vampire ability to shapechange and fly
and thus the spell 'levitate'.   The old 'damn' spell which dealt direct
damage and didn't even require fighting has been replaced with a new one that
conforms to the game rules.  Although testing may reveal that some minor
adjustments still need to be made, I think we're on the right track.
  Another additional drawback was added on 6/3.  It involved the vampire ability
to hit a second time.  I tied it not only into the attribs and level of the
player, but also directly into the guild level of the vampire.  This will make
quite a difference in the damage of the hit as they progress through the guild
levels.  At the same time, I tied their increased strength into their guild
level as well as I think it fits nicely with the theme.
