Mjirn reported: PUT BABIES IN BLACK CIRCLE RESTAURANT
Mjirn reported: black babies, asian babies, caucasian babies, latin babies! all a different flavour :)
Mjirn reported: should have ghoul record long() of corpse it's resurrected from.. so we can see what it used to look like
Vashandra reported: if you talk to anyone riding your dragon with you, or any emotes....everything echos twice
Genesis reported: cant send tells to npc like scotty or gilmour to get out of a area...and one suggestion comes to mind on if someone told armie when he asks send a tell for a trip to the shop...would our tells not allow that either? Perhaps we may choose to turn on or off our special tells and says......genesis
Cartham reported: earlier today as well, I died in DeathKnight form, Valon could not Bede me until Deathknight wore off.  Is that supposed to be the way?
Valon reported: If you have a mag of 35 to were you have to go to the guild to raise mag and you die and you mag goes down you lose ALL of what we raised from the guild and 1 point from normal
Mordrin reported: I can't turn off the guild channel.
Genesis reported: dark stalker gives a sensative mind error if you just type stalk....suggest having something put in so it says stalk <who>
Genesis reported: the ghoul command "use" interferes with being able to use the stethoscope on the safe
Genesis reported: write down the requirements to join dark circle in the book so people will know
Tyr reported: Draykr doesnt work
Xeer reported: I just ranked to 4, but I can't cast freeze. Says I "don't have the intelligence needed to cast this spell."
Xeer reported: I was mounted on my dragon when I tried to go "back", the dragon couldn't do that and I somehow got dismounted, but the mud engine still thought I was mounted as I couldn't mount the dragon until I dismounted. (even though I wasn't mounted!)
Horus reported: Oz is having hard time joining the guild
Horus reported: Oz gets a msg saying he needs another lev to join, yet he is +19 with max stats
Bleh reported: a non bcm did leavecircle and was nuked
Anthrax reported: color bleeds on fatal when seen by the tell_room or whatever
Darkness reported: heal should at least show current hit points and spell points when cast.
Bleh reported: can you switch the fucking 'release dragon' command to using a notify_fail() and return 0, it's overriding my heals and shit
Bleh reported: and bcm's should be able to change into 'bleh' as a higher morph than deathknight
Bleh reported: i love flapping
Bleh reported: damn someone should hose me, i'm entirely too badass
Vizjerei reported: when in deathknight bootxp shows you have earned no xp for cycle
Vizjerei reported: when getting things out of drakyr bag it does not tell you if you fail to get the item out of the bag
