I'm not going to post here much so maybe this should stickied.

My goal is to interfere in the guild as little as possible.
This should be the same with all Magi.  Very few wizards
can clone the gobj.  If they have it, they have my approval
to be in the Guild.  It doesn't matter if you don't have
yours.  Boycotts are bullshit.  If you boycott the guild,
you get removed.  Respect the word of Worm as though
it were Shardak's [your god's] because it is.  He is
your prophet, your Moses, your Jesus, your Mohammed, in
short your demonic Messiah sent here to rape and pillage
the MUD.  If he says something, do it.  If you don't do it,
you'll get fucked harder than a virgin on prom night.  I am
going to be adding even more power to his position to make your
characters into liquid shit if you betray him.

Second bizness: More ranks are going to be added. Powers are
going to be shook up.  This is the reason the guild is in Beta.
I'm going to add trials for nearly every spell in the guild. Why?
To encourage Shardaks to continue to use their heads.

Thirdly: There is lots of special equipment in the guild which
Worm may or may not tell you about. That's his perogative.
Currently Maledicta's Shardak armors don't work.  This is because
they were removed from the game with some of his code during
a maintenance cycle. It will be restored when I do it.

Fourthly: If you have a problem in the guild, do not
address it to me or any other Magi.  Actually, let me
rephrase that.  If you have a Non-CODE related problem,
do not address it to Magi.  Policy, demotions, promotions,
etc., should all be directed into the guild.  This is the
only truly player-run guild.  This is another reason why
you should not boycott because of a fucking Magi.
They are codeSlaves[tm], that is all. Their interference
into your mudding experience should be ZERO because that's
how I intended it.
[p.s.] This rule is nil when referring to anything Shardak
as bullshit, weak, lame, etc. Then you may expect (and deserve)
an execution.

I think that's it for now.
