The Newbee and Advanced Wizard Guide to Monsters.

    Monsters, you know them, you love them (platonic, we hope), and players
love them (see previous comment).  However, some rules and regulations need to
be cleared up about them.  If youre seeing this file, it has been approved by
the powers on high (Boltar/Omega/Hawkeye or something) and it is now law.  So
deal with it.
    Monsters are in the game to provide players with something to fight and pit
their skills against; as a secondary function they also provide treasure and
experience.  Ideally a monster should be a challenging encounter.  They should
NOT be a cake walk.  Therefore, these rules are now in effect.

  1)  All monsters of levels higher than 18 MUST be unique.  This means that if
you have a room with multiple level 19+ monsters, YOU HAVE ILLEGAL MONSTERS.
This also does not mean that you simply clone twenty versions of the same
monsters and name them deathgod1, deathgod2, deathgod3, ect...  A level 19+
monster should be special enough to deserve its own description and items and
name.  ANY EXCEPTIONS MUST BE CLEARED BY A LEVEL 100+ WIZARD.  This rule is
retroactive.

  2)  Monster alignment should match the monster.  Dont give it a -1000 or
+1000 alignment simply so that it is worth more xp.  There is no reason that a
killer bimbo should haven an alignment of +1000, or that a pimp should be
-1000.  Any monster with an alignment of > +750 or < -750 better have a DAMN
good reason.

  3)  Treasure on monsters should reflect what they are.  An Orc wouldnt have
a Staff of Power, and a fire elemental probably shouldnt have a potion (think
about it).  Things other than coins are cool to give monsters.  There is no
reason that each level 19 monster has to have 5000 coins.

  4)  Randomness is good. Players get used to monster with 400 hp having 400
hp.  You may want to set you monsters to that when they clone it is variable.
set_hp(random(100)+350); is a good thing.  Do the same with coins.  And if you
want to get really creative, maybe even do it with items.  A monster that has a
different item each time (out of maybe 4-5 items) is really pretty cool.  Think
random alignment, wc, ac, ect...  This will keep combat interesting.

  5)  Monster spell use: A monster that is about level 15 should have a percent
chance to special attack.  Its cool to put them on levels lower than 15, but
at level 15+ the monster MUST have a random special attack.

  6)  Unique monsters are fun (I mean really unique).  They give players a
surprise.  Things like monsters that chase players, force them to drop their
weapons, steal items, run away and such are fun.  Players remember beating
these more than they do going through cannon fodder.
  Also, think interactive monsters.  (c.f. trixie)  Use set_frog().  Have fun.
                                                    -- Saber
