Clans will be user-customizable and created 'mini-guilds' of sorts.
The basic workflow is:
A player, for a cost of 500k, may start a clan.
They are now the 'clan leader'.
At creation time, they can specify a name for the clan, set the 'clan object'
short and long description. They can also pick one ability for members of the
clan to have. Those abilities can be:
1. Damage spell (they specify type)
2. Heal spell
3. Teleport to clan hall
4. Detox spell (they specify what it detoxes)

The clan leader also specifies the verbage for whichever ability they choose
(name of ability (command that is typed), messages displayed).
POSSIBLE ADDITION: If they choose items 1,2, or 4, let them specify the sp
cost for the spell. This will be reflected in the 'strength' of the spell.

Once the name, short, long, and ability are picked, they may NOT be changed
later. The verbage of the command may be tweaked, but not the actual command.

Additional abilities given to all clan members:
1. clan channel (will be the clan name)
2. clan who (list logged on clan members)
3. login option (may choose to log in at the clan hall)

Additionally, there will be a 'clan coffer' system, whereby any member of the
clan can deposit money into it, and any member may withdraw. Adding functionality
similar to the banking system whereby excess money at reboot beomces inaccessible
may be needed, or we can simply place an upper limit on the amount of money
that can be stored at any time, based on the number of members (i.e., 20k per
member. a 3 member clan may store up to 60k in their 'coffer'. a 10 member clan
can have up to 200k). For 'Hall add-ons' (see below), we can either use the same
coffer, or a separate 'updates' coffer. For example, updates to the clan hall
may be purchased. These monies can come from the main coffer (meaning any money
stored there can be used by clan leaders to upgrade the clan) OR we can use the
two coffer system (people can deposit money to the 'members' fund, which is used
for players to withdraw from, or to the 'clan' fund, which is used only for upgrades).
Personally, I am steering towards two coffers. That way, people are more able to direct
how their money is used.

The clan leader may appoint as many 'co-leaders' as he would like. The 'co-leader'
becomes the leader in all respects, and may do anything the leader would do (including
adding new leaders). The 'original' clan leader, however, is the only person who may
DEMOTE 'co-leaders' back to regular status.

The clan leader can specify how new members are to be allowed to join. They
may choose from either 'leader(s) only can add new members' or 'any member may
add new members'. This may be changed by the leader at any time.

Any clan leader may remove any non-leader from the clan. The 'original' leader may
remove anyone, however, regardless of leader status.

Any member may leave the clan at any time. If the original leader leaves, the clan
is disbanded.

Clan hall:
Upon creation, one 'clan room' is given. Perhaps a single 'clan room' in-game (where
the player goes to create the clan). From there, anyone who is a member of a clan
can 'enter clan' or 'enter hall'. This takes them to their clans hall.
The initial 'hall' is just one room that has an exit 'out' to go back. the long and
short will be customizable by any clan leader.

Hall add-ons:
Additions to the clan hall may be purchased. The monies come from the clan coffers.
Any clan leader has the ability to purchase these upgrades. To purchase an upgrade,
the clan leader goes to the room they would like to exit to the new room, and type
'upgrade <direction> <type>'. 'Type' may be 'generic' (for just rooms), 'leader'
(same as generic, but only leaders may enter), 'storage' (clan communal storage,
similar to old poly 'tug' room). Additional types may be added later. Costs for each
of these upgrades will be determined at a later date.
Perhaps a 'shop' type can be added? a clan-only shop, working exactly as the main shop,
except that only clan members can access it. This would be a small benefit, but may
drain the main shop of inventory, as people would use their clan shop over the main shop.
This is undesirable. Maybe have the clan shops charge a 'premium' (a percentage of this
'premium' can even go to the clan coffers). This might encourage people to still use
the main shops, so they arent empty for newbies.

Rooms cannot be demolished (this prevents accidently demolishing rooms with exits to other rooms,
thereby making part of the hall inaccessible). Their types, however, can be changed for
the cost difference plus a 5000 coin service fee. If the cost difference is negative ('downgrading',
from say a 'leader' room to a 'generic' room), then the cost is only the 5000 coin service fee.
The 'main' hall room (first room in the hall) may not be upgraded.
A one-time add-on of a clan board may be purchased. This can go ONLY in the 'main' hall
room.
Since clans are supposed to be small additions, all rooms will be made no_teleport()
and no_follow(). clan members only! (we dont want to get into 'clan wars' where
people invade other peoples halls at this point. lets keep it simple. if the idea
takes, we can expand it.)

Tweaks needed to lib/player object outside of 'clan' code:
'clan' variable and appropraite query/set functions added to player object
a 'clan_exist' function in player object to check if the clan has been disbanded
while they were logged on. If so, unset 'clan' variable and delete clan object.
If they were set to logon at the clan hall, give them an option of a few places
to be logged on to (dont want a generic 'church' logon, as certain guilds dont
like that place).
Will need to set up proper permissions to 'clan' directories, as a lot of player-
initiated write_file() calls will be made (creating new rooms, etc).
