> well, I honestly feel you dont want me here so i'll be doing 
> everyone a favor and leaving.

I don't want the conflict and trouble you cause. I've told you 
more times than I want to try and count, not to make trouble.
But you do. Be here all you want, doesn't bother me, just don't
make my mud life suck. But you keep making my mudlife suck.

> First the things with Summer, was a guild thing,, you just 
> couldnt get involved in...

You change your stories so often it's pathetic.  What I told you
was it had to *WAIT*.  It was taken care of, through wren. 
It just wasn't fast enough for you. You don't like me stepping
in, neither do polys, wren is their active guild wizard so I 
asked him to take care of it, and he did. 

> and now, you step into my guild, 

You made the guild you belong to my problem. With no guild wiz, it 
defaults to me. I don't want to do it, but you leave me no choice.

> say you're taking me out of power.. I think its total bullahit..
> and i think you know it is.

I'll knock down all the squabblers if I have to, freeze the guild
solid until verte returns to sort you all out. You don't like how 
I deal with things, then maybe you shouldn't have caused internal 
problems (like leaving the top chair knowingly empty) in the guild 
that could only grow and spill out to wizard level.

> You feel you hav to get involved in my guild.. that you have 
> to take charge and set things straight because of players like 
> Rek bitching. 

There are only a few in your guild, the complaint rate is practically
50% of the people. 

> You should hear the others he had lured in with him, 2 of them 
> saying they were just playing along to see what he was trying to pull..

You are all trying to pull shit on me. You're no angel 

-----------------------------------------



> You say its a threat, when I say im packin up for Reflex word and 
> i'm bringing all my friends... It isnt, its a fact. I was here, 
> trying to fight for you, trying to bring new players into the game. :)

Until I didn't kiss your ass and put you to the top of the list. 
You want your ass kissed, go to flex. I'm sure not only will he kiss
your ass, but go the extra mile and bend over for you. I'll close 
the mud before I kiss your ass.

> Then shit starts hitting the fan, my game is being ruined and 
> noone cares.. 

'Your' Game? This ain't worm world. Shit hit the fan in the shards
because of your actions. Time to take a hard look in the  mirror. 

> then you take it a step further and try to totally fuck me because
> I spent a week on Elysium, a week they all told me you'd have me pay
> dearly for. I never believed it.. but here we are, I'm losing my guild,

No. You fucked up, you made something my problem. Now you don't like
my solution of freezing the guild. I've told you countless times not
to make things problems for me and you won't see the likes of me. 

> something that was coded for me to run.

Funny, I found the original versions of the docs verte wrote, the
space for 'master' was empty. If it was made for you, then your name
should have been there right? 

> So, to make the situation easier on you.. to take away some of the 
> pressure, i'll pack up, get out your hair.

You know, if I didn't think that this new round of shitstorm wasn't
to try and push me over the edge into closing, I'd probably do it. 
Why do you even write this mailed retread? 

> So you know, the guy leadin all this, Rek, he's a cheater, 

And you're an angel I suppose. 

---------------------------


> just lastnight he logged in his Shard and had pkers
> follow him into a guildroom only we can get in, in hopes of them 
> killing me.

Such is the nature of evil. It's supposed to be an evil guild,right?

> That is only the icing on the cake.. he knows little bugs through 
> out the mud he uses. He brags about being Mythoss friend and how 
> Mythos was an execellent cheater who filled him in on things.

And you too brag about who you know.... 

> The lack of char seperation he's accusing me off, i have 
> WITNESSES that he begged me to kill Scrag and Damion
> for things their Cybers did. I, who had the power to have 
> never killed or frozen anyones powers.
> he's begged me to .. and in my gettin mad at BS others have 
> done, I neve considered it.

Yet these players complained about you. His begging doesn't excuse
you for what happened. Don't think I am pleased with him, I'm not. 

> you tell me who's more level headed .. you tell me who doesnt 
> char seperate. HEh, but you dont know.. like you said, you dont 
> see everything, 

reflex says I do, after all he's reflex, he must know. 

> you see what you want to see man. If you'd only mail me and say, 
> look, Verte put you as Master, shardaks arent a democracy and 
> NEVER have been and i'm leaving this mess up to you, you'd have 
> one more solid die hard player.

Everything with you comes at a cost. You took off because I didn't 
put your issue to the top of the list. I refuse to live under your
threats. To me, it's better you go to flex world than for me to 
have to run my mud affraid of offending you. Do you understand? I
know the little power play you are trying to make. Take yourself 
and your players with you, the cost is too high for me. Changing 
nirvana into wormworld is not an option.

If you want to work with me rather than trying to make me your 
bitch or bullshit me at every turn the things can be different. 
But that's how it always has been, you bullshiting me, making power
plays or just whittling me down until I say 'fuck it' and give you
what you want so you just stop annoying me.

> Ask Rek how many new players he's brought to the game.
> And I dont remember Rek being around that day when I was sticking 
> up for you.

Like I said, the price of your loyalty is already too high. And it's 
going to be a bidding war with flexboy. On price, he wins the auction,
I've stopped bidding. 

> but you're helping them push me out for good? If you change your 
> mind, mail me. I'll be back to check unless you ban me. *shrug*

I'm not helping anyone do anything. You created a problem for me with
the way you ruled the shards, and then took off. Once again you don't 
like the solution, which is freeze drying the shards until verte can 
sort it out.

The question is, how do you want to proceed, do you want to be 
here of your own free will and accept that I will treat you as I 
do everyone else, or do you want to make me pay a price for your 
loyality. Because I won't pay. 


[1 - 64 h l d r x q b ?] (current: 64) 





