This is a note I feel I must write given the mis-information
and childish things that go on as of late. 

As many of you might know, dazed has been a GC of the shardaks. 
Since verte's inactivity he has been complaining about various
things to me and as I have with all players I've done my best
to address those things. My mud time has been very busy as of
late, also as many of you know.

A week ago or more dazed complains to be about something summer
and the polys did with regards to his guild and the poly rules.
I tell him I will get to it later. He begins to harrass me about
it. I get annoyed. He continues to harrass, He harrasses with 
the threat to go to reflex world and take all he can with him.
I get angry and tell him I won't stand for being threatened. 
He leaves in a huff.

After about a day, maybe a day and half after the original 
complaint was received Wren with my guidence sorts it out. 
Dazed is now known to be playing on reflex world.

With dazed knowlingly gone, the shardark rank and file begins
to complain to me about dazed. As this is reaching a height, 
dazed returns. The infighting in the guild begins. I can't have
this and decide that all of the leadership should be demoted
until verte returns. (I have yet to do this BTW) 

Dazed writes me a long mail complaining about how he's being 
unfairly treated,etc etc, how he's going to take everyone he
can away from here if I don't basically kiss his ass. I'll
close this mud before I kiss worm's (dazed's) ass. 

I give him his choice of accepting that I will treat 
him like everybody else, or he can leave because I am 
not going to buy his loyalty by kissing his ass. Given
that dazed has checked out of his hotel room, it appears
that he has chosen reflex world. But before following him, or 
asking me questions regarding this, ask yourself this question,

Do want a mud run by someone who kisses worm's (dazed's) ass
doing what worm (dazed) wants ?  Would you respect me for 
giving into him?  

Of course not.
