a

Path: 
                      nntp.cig.mot.com!newshost.mot.com!newsgate.mot.com!news.xnet.com!iad-peer.news.verio.net!nuq-peer.news.verio.net!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.cc.ukans.edu!srvr1.engin.umich.edu!news.tc.cornell.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!usenet
                From: 
                      "NT(eX)" <sk68@cornell.edu>
          Newsgroups: 
                      comp.sys.next.sysadmin, comp.sys.next.hardware
              Subject: 
                      Re: Woohoo it worked!
                Date: 
                      29 Jun 1999 20:59:01 GMT
         Organization: 
                      Cornell University
                Lines: 
                      121
               Sender: 
                      sk68@cornell.edu (Verified)
         Message-ID: 
                      <01bec272$9eddf840$06ac2ac0@dana6nt>
          References: 
                      <7la554$c0b@dfw-ixnews16.ix.netcom.com> <e7cfcc1949.trill@netbook.demon.co.uk> <7lb99g$dg@dfw-ixnews16.ix.netcom.com>
 NNTP-Posting-Host: 
                      l0060.dialup.cornell.edu
       X-Newsreader: 
                      Microsoft Internet News 4.70.1161
                 Xref: 
                      nntp.cig.mot.com comp.sys.next.sysadmin:1542 comp.sys.next.hardware:1896




This is straight out of N&SA book, so I claim mistakes (which will occur)
only to my bad touch typing skills :)  I paid special attention to the
correctness of the commands, though.

First check if everything is "good" in the ROM monitor setup:

pg.218 ....

You can access the ROM monitor in several way:

- When the system is first turned on, hold down the Command bar and press
the ~ key (without pressing Shift ) IMMEDIATELY after the "Testing System"
message is replaced by the "Loading from disk" message. (On keyboards with
two Command keys, hold down the right Command key and press the ~ key.) The
ROM monitor window is displayed containing the prompt "NeXT>".

Note: If you're a little slow and the Restart/Power-Off panel appears
instead, press the Power key and try again.  (Personal remark: given the
fact the on/off transitions are not good to our black soldiers, I would
just say no and continue to boot process, because, read on...)

- When the system is running, you can access the ROM monitor through the
NMI mini-monitor (described later).  Access the NMI mini-monitor by
pressing the ~ key (without pressing Shift) while holding down the Command
bar (hold down both Command keys on keyboards that have two).  When you see
the "nmi>" prompt, type hald at the prompt.  The halt command attempts to
shut the system down gracefully, saving all files to disk. It should then
display the prompt "NeXT>".

Now inspect system startup parameters by typing p (in lowercase) at the
"NeXT>" prompt.  All parameters are stored in nonvolatile RAM and will
survice if the power is turned off.  (Personal remark: since you took the
battery out, these parameters could have changed--probably why the OD boot
has switched to Ethernet boot)

When you type p, the ROM monitor begins an interactive session that prompts
you for a value for each parameter.  If you respond by pressing Return, the
parameters remains at the current value.

(Personal remark:  Hardware password, I assume by your post, is not a
problem any longer.)

Example:

p
boot command: od? sd                   (Make the SCSI drive the default boot
device.)
DRAM tests: yes?                       (Empty means you press Return)
perform power-on system test: yes?
        sound out tests: no? yes        (Enable boot sound tests)
        SCSI tests: no?
        loop until keypress: no?
        verbose test mode: no?
boot extended diagnostics: no?
serial port A is alternate console: no?
allow any ROM command even if password protected: no?
allows boot from any device even if password protected: no?
allow optical drive #0 eject even if password protected: no?
enable parity checking if parity memory is present: no?

After this, the system kicks you back to the "NeXT>" prompt.  Type c to
continue execution, r to reboot, or h to halt system.

(Personal remark, the loop until keypress, extended diagnostics and serial
port A as alternate console are best left at no, since they are for more
sophisticated troubleshooting.  I usually say yes to "verbose test mode"
the first time after I change something because it gives you on-screen
display of all boot processes, which might be helpful.)

Just for finals, startup parameters in my NeXTstation reads:

NeXT>p
boot command: sd()sdmach                (Just works for me...:)
DRAM tests: yes
perform power-on test: yes
        sound out tests: yes
        SCSI tests: yes
        loop until keypress: no
        verbose test mode: yes
seral port A is alternate console: no
allow any ROM command even if password protected: yes
allow boot from any device even if password protected: yes
allow optical drive #0 eject even if password protected: yes
enable parity checking if parity memory is present: yes
NeXT>

The password protection features depend on your situation.  I live alone
and my computer is all mine :), so I don't need them.  YMMV.

If these settings don't work (they should, though), read on, just for
reference...


#How to set boot device#

pg.223 ....

You can press any key to stop booting from the Ethernet.  To stop booting
from any other device, hold down the Command bar and press the ~ key
(without pressing Shift).  On keyboards with two Command keys, hold down
the right one and press the ~ key.

Here are some example boot commands:

b                       Boot from the default boot device.
bsd                     Boot from the SCSI disk.
ben                     Boot from the Ethernet.
bod test                        Boot test from the optical disk.
bfd -s                  Boot in single-use mode from the internal floppy disk.
ben mach -as            Boot mach in single-user mode from the network, and
prompt
for the root device.
bsd(1,0,0)              Boot from the second SCSI disk
bod - rootdev=sd0       Boot, taking the kernel from the optical disk, then use
sd0                     as the source for the root device.  The "-" is required if
the             
kernel name is not given.

So, in your case, try bsd, or bsd(1,0,0).

I hope this helped.

