
I have recently learned about the thoughts of having an outside 
firm take over the operations of CNS. This concerns me, as while
I was a student at IIT I was a very heavy user of computers run
by ACC / CNS. I found that IIT had some outstanding aspects in
how its systems are administered. One was free to use the 
computer system as much as he liked, to learn it, to write programs
or do any other activity that was within reason and did not 
hinder other users. This was very different from many schools
which heavily restricted computer usage. Many schools did not 
allow any activity was not directly related to coursework, or
perhaps simple email. 

As a mechanical engineering major I had little need to use 
the computer services directly related to course work outside
of simple word processing and spreadsheet software. However,
computer programing, etc has always been a big interest of mine.
The way ACC / CNS runs their systems was perfect for me. I was able
to explore, learn, and indulge my interests in various aspects 
of computer science as much as I wanted and in those areas that
interested me most at any given time. I learned a great deal
of skills and knowledge on my own, simply because the opportunity
was there. And I started taking advantage of them  not long after
I entered IIT as a freshman for the fall semester  of 1989. 

Then, I had only access to the VAX via ADM5 terminals. Eventually
I had learned VAX/VMS and a great deal about this multi-user system.
I got my first unix account, on the then new NeXT. From here
I expanded into unix, and more and more topics. When class assignments
came along, I was able to complete them much easier because of the
work I had done on my own. I actually knew the basics of Fortran 
before taking CS105 in my second semester, as I had already worked
with it on the VAX. And my habits did not change all the way through
finishing my MS, learning more with each new system to come on line.

When I started working at Motorola, I was able to quickly understand and
make my way around their unix systems due to the experience I gained 
at IIT. And I feel that those skills have given me an advantage, in 
that I can still find ways to get things done when parts of the system
are not functioning correctly, to get my work done faster, to develop
tools for my personal use as well as those in my group. It is the open
way that CNS runs the computer systems in the first place that allowed 
me to learn these skills, and I fear that an outside company may not
consider it profitable to allow so much non-class usage.

And in return IIT, and many of its students have benefited from
the open way the systems are run. Even students who did not
take full advantage of it, as many students in their own time 
worked on developing various tools, resources, etc for all to use.
In addition, many of the students that ACC/CNS hires learned much
what they needed to learn on their own time.

I have seen first hand, very restricted computer systems at other schools.
These systems left the users with very little they could do, only what
the admins allowed. No outside programing etc. Because of this alone,
I found that the open usage of the systems offered at IIT its biggest
strength. Something that more than balanced out its weaknesses
with regard to the computer systems.
 
Over time, these weaknesses were addressed, new equipment was
purchased, voids filled, maintaince increased. And with it the open
usage policy and the traditional way ACC/CNS ran the machines remained.

For this reason, I think that IIT would stand to lose more that it would
gain from a complete take over of CNS by an outside company. 
An outside company I doubt would be able to serve students with more
interest than average the way CNS does. IIT and its students would
be better served if CNS remains in charge so that students may 
continue to learn on their own. Future IIT students like myself,
I fear would be left without the opportunity to freely explore and
learn as I did. 

The advantages in going to an outside company lie in bringing in
expertise and new technology, as I read in the online version of 
"Contact". In reading the information on Collegis's web site, I found
they offer many different levels of service. The goals desired 
perhaps, could be achieved without the large scale change of having an
outside company take over CNS. CNS could only bring in the hired
outside help it requires, to identify the new technologies and 
those which would be best for IIT as a whole.  

While there are advantages with going with an outside company, I 
do not think that the advantages of keeping the services in house
should be overlooked. In fact, ideally, the advantages of both 
is the best. To augment what IIT has already. Not to loose it 
and go with something with a different mix of strengths and weaknesses.
Since the services of an outside company can be customized, IIT can
keep its computer services in house, while being able to take advantage
of the experience and knowledge of the outside company, by using them
only where and when they are needed. 


Outside any direct changes to how students may use the 
computer systems, there are other negative aspects of having a 
contractor take over.  One of these is the loss of staff that 
understand IIT, and how everything is set up. Even though the 
plan is to retain CNS staff under the new company, will they 
remain? If I were in their shoes, I would be looking for other
employment just to be safe, as any reasonable person would.
The take over of the campus police showed this, it seemed that
only a couple officers from before the contractor's take over 
stayed more than a couple months.

The reason I bring up the campus police, is due to a recent
experience I had on campus. With the original campus police 
over time I came to recognize most of the officers and they me.
And talking to some now and then. Once the contractor took over,
I found the continuity lacking. While only a couple minor problems
occurred as a graduate student, what happened a few weeks ago was
rather disturbing. After talking to one of the guards and showing
my old IIT id etc, I was followed around campus, questioned a couple 
more times where I explained I was an alumni,etc... I ended up 
just leaving campus, disgusted. One guard said that he did not
recognize me, I feel that a permanent IIT employee would have, as 
it has not been all that long since I was on campus every day. 

A loss of continuity is sure to have an effect on students in 
such a high profile department as CNS. The campus police are 
the contracted department that has the most student interaction 
so far, CNS is orders of magnitude more. CNS has a much greater 
effect on the education of the students and their day to day work 
than the campus police or any of the maintaince services which
have been outsourced. I hope this greater effect on students
is being considered, and from what I read in Contact, it seems
to be.

Lastly, there is the primary goal of the contract company
vs the goal of an IIT department. The goal of the contract
company is clear, to make a profit. The goal of the iit 
department is the education of the students. No matter how
important a contractor thinks of education, their primary 
responsibility is to take in more money than they spend.
While a contractor may seem to cost less in the short run,
in the long run there is little to make me think that they
can serve the students as well and still succeed in turning
a profit.

I am sure students still complain about this or that regarding
the computer systems, I know I did, but CNS strengths and
improvements should not be overlooked. CNS has come a long
way in improving. I recently visited the PC lab and was 
impressed with the changes, not to mention the improvements
that I saw in the vax and unix systems while a graduate 
student. I hope that how far the service has come will be
considered and not just what remains to be done or is desired.

I hope that my comments and experiences are useful, if there are any
questions feel free to contact me.


-Bp

