
chi.internet #35355 (34 + 2078 more)                (1)+-(1)
From: Tommy the Terrorist <mayday@newsguy.com>         |-[1]--[1]
[1] Carnivore - it's the ENVELOPE, stupid!             \-[1]--[1]--[1]--[1]+-[1]-
Date: Sat Jul 15 10:32:11 CDT 2000                                         |-[1]
Lines: 67                                                                  \-[1]-

The Carnivore thread is focusing on encryption of the contents of the
letters.  This is almost IRRELEVANT.  Carnivore relies on the placing
of *a* wiretap order against *one* ISP subscriber, and to HIM, this
might be the most important impact.  But what it's really after is the
"envelope" information on EVERY SINGLE EMAIL SENT, which has ZERO legal
protection and is the major data being collected!

What is this "envelope" information?  It's the headers of the E-mail. 
They LEGALLY collect the E-mail addresses of everyone you send or
receive mail from - EVEN THOUGH YOU ARE NOT THE TARGET OF THE WARRANT. 
They can collect "spook headers" put on by Microsoft and Qualcomm
mailing programs.  Were you dumb enough to pay for "professional"
eudora?  Well, send an e-mail to yourself and look at the headers - see
the funny little serial number they've inserted?  That number is now
PUBLIC to the FBI, and then they can cross reference it to lists they
buy from their friends in industry to establish an E-mail address to
name (well, actually, social security number) data base.  They can add
that to the PUBLIC lists they've gotten of who called who in an area
code in a year (they need one case to subpoena that, or they can just
buy it).  Then cross link by the location information of where every
cell phone has been at any time - with the "improved" GPS, that's a 10
foot resolution.  So they can cross link billing information, friends,
telephone numbers, addresses, into one Beast of a database and they
haven't even started relying on their toll booth "just to catch
somebody running a red light" videocameras and license plate records
and stuff they get from credit card companies and "preferred customer"
tracking cards.

Keep in mind, the point of all that is that it is UNRESTRICTED data. 
The spies have their own sources, this Echelon and so forth, but you
have to understand - the spies work for their own greater glory; they
live on a very high plane, giving the supreme orders.  Not a sparrow
falls that they do not see it, but they don't care about the sparrows. 
But the FBI and police types are their lower messengers who travel back
and forth to the degraded realms of Man, and those agents could be
limited or tricked in their knowledge, and only praying for a "psychic"
or "anonymous" tip can possibly get them anything like true knowledge,
and only after time and devotion are their prayers answered.

Tracking who knows who is far more important than cracking an E-mail. 
If they want into your computer, they have half a dozen companies
selling Trojan Horses that make Back Orifice look like a child's toy
under the guise of "free software" (see www.grc.com; the most infamous
of them is "GoZilla" with Aureate/Radiate).  They don't HAVE to put
their computers to work trying to crack your silly PGP, they just
download the key.  The worst collaborator with them is Microsoft itself
- they have an "NSAKey" back door in their operating system.  And the
laws have already granted them the right to make "break ins" - not
really "black bag jobs" like the press says, but just hacking into your
computers - with any warrant, so the only thing blocking them is what
they feel like admitting that they did.  And if they don't get a
warrant (or do warrantless search) then they still have the IMPORTANT
part, the "envelope" that the PGP is sent in.

Now, do you think they only take "envelopes" from E-mail?  How about
what Web sites you surf at, what news posts you read?  Those all have
"envelopes" too.  Even digits pressed on a phone, like your credit card
number sent to a merchant, are "envelopes" they can spy on - and have
the ability to do so - without the slightest bit of hesitation.

I don't know how far I'm supposed to go on here; I'm not sure what the
point is.  All these things, now well known, were things that I had
seen in the Pestilential vision which did not shatter my mind; and
there were more such after that; but it was the biologicals that broke
it apart... there are still things I should know so well which I halt
and stammer at because so much of that part of my mind was destroyed;
it could not take the knowing.
