From: xman
Subj: Nirvana is changing...

Cc: Sandman
Date: May 25

Boltar and Sandman,
     Since mermaid left a message on the subject this morning
I thought it might be wise if I did likewise so you understood
my point of view rather than the few words she used to describe my
current feelings towards Nirvana.
     First let me say I am in full support of maintaining the game
enviornment as "legally" as possible. This is necessary to provide
a level playing field for all to enjoy. I also think you might be
served better if you publicize the "legal" formula so that those
people that do desire to help and maintain this legal enviornment
can discern the bad items and report them to one of you. However,
I see a difference between an item that virtually anyone can buy
(ie like coffee in Dragnar's shop) and something that is given to
only a portion of the players like Cyberninja's US tabs. In my
eyes, if coffee was illegal enough to cause its removal, then the
US tabs are not only illegal but downright CHEAT material. (ie
they cost LESS than half of what coffee used to and DO TWICE as
much for the money!!!)
     I hate to gripe, mainly because I put up with so much of it
from my own users. But the truth of the matter is that I used to
live to play this game, well almost anyway... and the changes
that have occurred/are occurring have ALREADY ruined the game
for me and many others. I don't honestly believe that the Vamps
had anything illegal in their favor since I started playing, but
with the recent changes we have seen we not only dont have any
advantage, we are at a severe disadvantage. This same thing is
true for other guilds as well. I guess if you want a game where
everyone is forced to join one guild, or even one of two, in order
to be on equal ground with other players you are well on your way
to getting what you want. All I know is that the way it stands, I
don't want much to do with it, if anything.
     In closing, please let me re-iterate that I really had no
intention of ever writing this message. I was merely going to wait
and perhaps check in every few days to see if anyone got their wits
about themselves and began to turn back the tides that have already
engulfed most of us. At this point tho, I dont know if I'll ever
be back. I'm tempted just to give up my hotel room and ask for my
character to be deleted.
      I don't expect this letter to do anything to change the mud,
in truth I don't even *want* that to happen. But Val (mermaid)
keeps telling me it isn't fair for me to just disappear and not
tell you why... maybe she is right... maybe not... you decide.
     In closing, please... if you want to reply to this, and if
it is possible to do so, please message me back to SYSOP@CMASTER.COM
we do finally have full SMTP so it will be much quicker and will
insure I get it as soon as delivered.
Thanks for listening, err reading...
Michael E. Redman
Sysop, ChatMaster BBS

