the Girl:
So, I know it's been a little while since we've posted. We took a hiatus last week to deal with some personal things. I should say, I took a hiatus, since the boy hasn't posted much this whole time. I spent the weekend sleeping and now I'm back and ready to go.
So, tonight's theme is polyamorism, though perhaps "swinging" is a better term. To be specific, I want to talk about the fact that later this week the boy and I may play with a beautiful young woman. This lady has been a friend of mine for several months now and I've always had the highest respect for her. In addition to that, she's drop-dead gorgeous! I practically salivate every time I see her. 
To understand how sort of 'momentous' this is, I think you need a bit of history. I've kissed a lot of girls, starting in about high school, but until about a year ago I thought I was pretty straight. About then I finally decided that I'm 'bi-curious' and/or hetero-flexible. The girl/girl experiences that I've had in the past year have been delicious and wonderful. It makes me think more and more that I'm bi-sexual (a 2 on the Kinsey scale) but until I've had sex with a woman I don't think I can say definitively whether or not I am. 
One of my very favorite fantasies is one involving a beautiful girl and the Boy. I imagine that I have a sweet girl laid out on our bed and I flick my tongue rapidly against her clit while I finger her. Meanwhile, the Boy would be behind me, fucking me in rhythm with my fingering. I think that would be a wonderful way to first experience a girl. the Boy has offered to teach me everything he knows about orally pleasing a girl. I've always thought that if you're going to learn a skill, you should learn from a master! I'll have to post sometime about what the Boy can do with his tongue. It ought to be illegal!
Anyway, I have finally decided that the Lady I hung out with tonight would be a perfect guest star in our bedroom for my first girl/girl experience. She pretty much has the body type that the Boy prefers (very different from mine) and I think it will be so hot to see him kissing such a tasty treat! I'm not sure which I will enjoy more, participating or watching. There are some interesting emotional aspects to consider, since it will be our first venture into the realm of polyamory. I think I'll save talking about those for another post. The possible rendezvous isn't until Thursday, so I have quite a while to think about it.
All I can say right now is that the idea does excite me!
