                        NECROMANCERS

The necromancers base thier power upon contact with a pocket
dimension that Sagan has titled the 'Realm of Death'. This 
is a space within the Negative Elemental Plane that holds
various spirits and undead forms within. Sagan has learned to
use a dark form of magic to contact that plane and the spirits
in turn grant the individual making contact magical powers.

The path of a Necromancer is extremly frustrating for a player
to attain any real power from. Necromancers must start at level
5 and then when they join the guild they are no longer allowed
to wear any of the armor that they have collected. Armor interferes
with the necro contacting the Realm of Death and attaining the
magical abilities. Contact is made through the use of spell
components, all these components harvested from kills the necro
has made. The various components are then sacrificed to the realm, 
giving each necro the single spell they wished to use.

Guild Advantages:

Necromancers have a variety of destructive spells at thier disposal,
although all the spells can be broken down into 2 categories.
The Realm of Death allows Necromancer to either attack thier opponent
directly, or drain the life energy from their foe. Some spells 
work on 1 target while a couple of them effect every critter within
a certain area. The offensive force needed to protect a necro during
combat is extreme, given the lack of armor used by the spellcaster.

Necros also have developed a backstabbing attack, for those times
when they have indeed run out of the valuable spell components. 
The only drawback of the backstabbing attack is that it must be
done with surprise, for after the combat has started, the necro
cannot preform the attack with any success.

Necros also have a couple of misc abilities also given them from
experimentation with the Realm of Death and their components. 
Necromancers can create a doorway of bone back to thier guild hall, 
can bury themselves within the cold embrace of a grave, can open a
tear between Nirvana and the Realm of Death, can raise the dead, 
can affect the targets weapon and armor and the most unusual ability
of the guild is the grafting of harvested parts to help the healing
process of the player...  leaving massive scarring along the 
targets body.

Guild Disadvantages:

Necromancers have a variety of problems that plague them as they
travel about Nirvana. First of all, they must be level 5 to join
the guild, although that pales in comparison to the fact that once
they do, all armor can no longer be worn by them.

Also, necromancers cannot use the basic mud spells, or the invis
spell available to all players. The harshest part of the guild is
the fact that spell components must be harvested in order to use
the abilities of the guild. This involves a good deal of work for
each spell to be cast.

Guild levels are attained throught the expenditure of experience
as well as a tracking system put in to make sure they learn and use
the available guild abilities properly. I do not want a 19+whatever
coming into the guild and 'buying' thier way to guild level 10.
