Somewhere between his living room and the bedroom, Joel had made the idea of being completely tied up irresistible to both of them. Eric could hardly move, lashed tightly to a tall tan velvet chair, and Amanda's hands were tied to the ropes at the back and top of the chair, bending her over Eric. Joel had her legs spread wide, ankles chained and cuffed to the legs of the chair in such a way that her ass thrust up and out.

Amanda stared down into Eric's lap. A hand slid up her back, soft along her spine. The hand brushed her hair to the side; warm breath ghosted the back of her neck as hands slipped under her to cup her breasts.

Joel whispered in her ear, "Still want this?"

She felt two fingers touch her smooth-waxed labia, swollen and dripping long before she'd gotten so into being tied up. She could hear the smile in his voice. "I guess you do." Joel walked away. She glanced back to see him rummaging in the drawer of his nightstand. He put a drop of lubricant in a condom and rolled it over his erection.

Joel walked back, led by his dick. She turned her head. Eric had been watching Joel. He looked down at his lap, blushing a little. She smiled. Amanda had seen Eric look at guys before but she hadn't been stupid enough to point it out to him; let him discover he was bi for himself. She'd even take a flogging if she thought she'd get to watch Eric get well-and-truly fucked by Joel.

She felt fingers on her labia, dancing around the edges. She thrust towards Joel but he pulled back. "No," he said. "We go at my pace. You'll see what it's like not having everything done exactly as you want it." The fingers returned, dipping, just a little past her lips. She moved, her belly tightening. She felt the fingers slide into her and clamped down around them as he twisted inside her. A quick line of heat flared from her pussy to her nipples. The only problem with being done by women was that they didn't have dicks; she truly enjoyed a good dick, soft, warm flesh instead of silicone.

Eric watched her. He knew what she wanted. Joel did too, the bastard. She felt Joel's fingers slide out of her and then his hands moved up over her hips to her breasts. She could feel the head of his cock at her folds. He teased her nipples, rolling and pinching as he slowly slid into her. She lowered her head and let out a moan. Eric nosed her hair, and his erection tightened.

Joel gripped her hips, each thrust coming faster and faster. She could swear she felt him butting her rib cage. Her forehead bowed to touch Eric's neck. Eric leaned his head into hers. She felt like a rag doll, like she was being used -- and she wanted to come, wanted this to be about her. She turned her head and glared. "Ssshhh," Joel whispered, "you'll get yours."

Eric seemed transfixed. Looking down, she noticed a seal of approval rising in his pants. She looked up at Eric's face, imagining his cupid lips around Joel's cock, taking him deep in his throat. She moaned and closed her eyes. Joel slammed into her and held on. Amanda realized that he'd started coming at the same moment she'd been imagining him doing that very thing into Eric's mouth.

They stayed put for a few moments, Joel holding her. Then he slipped out, leaving her butt exposed to the cool air. He came back a moment later, a hand lingering over one butt cheek before trailing to the crack. It slid down, then dipped in to touch her perineum, sliding from there into her cunt. Joel got to his knees behind her. A good place for any man, she thought to herself.

First, it was just Joel's breath she felt but then, gentle as a butterfly, his tongue flicked her clit. A ripple of pleasure started, spreading in a warm shiver. Amanda wouldn't have been surprised to come just from Joel's breath on her pussy. He rolled his tongue inside her. He held her, one hand on her hip, the other on her thigh. Amanda's forehead was glued to Eric's neck and shoulder. Her cries grew louder. She heard Eric's raspy breath as he watched whatever the hell that beautiful Joel was doing between her legs.

Then it hit: Amanda felt like she had to pee. Not just a twinge, either, but like Niagara Falls was ready to explode between her legs. She was going to piss on Joel, but she couldn't bring herself to care as pleasure swept through her, rolling up her back. She gushed.

"Did she just pee?" Eric asked. Damn him!

Joel laughed. "No."

He released one ankle from its cuff, and then the other one. Amanda's legs were shaking, though it felt good to move them.

She felt breath on her thigh as Joel kissed her. "She just ejaculated." He untied her hands.

Amanda sank into the big, soft bed with its black silk sheets and rumpled black bedspread. She watched Joel look at Eric, hands on hips, still naked, cock already half erect again.

"Now," Joel said. "What do you want, Eric?"

Eric looked up at him.

"You're the one who hasn't come yet," Joel said. "What do you want?"

Eric was still tied tightly to the chair. He looked at Joel, then looked quickly away. "I don't know."

Joel knelt behind the chair. The ropes loosened but stayed in place. Joel stood, walked in front of Eric and untied his feet. Amanda saw Eric's eyes slip to Joel's crotch. She stretched out on the bed, head resting on her hand. "Do you like my boyfriend, Joel?"

"He's very cute," Joel said, watching Eric. "Maybe he'll model for me sometime,"

Amanda smiled, but tucked the thought away for the time being. "Do you remember when you taught me how to 'give head like a man'?"

Joel glanced back at her, then laughed. "Are you still avoiding carrots?" He turned to Eric. "I was cooking. I had carrots waiting to be chopped, so she practiced on a carrot."

"I don't mind carrots, Joel." She looked at Eric. "The asshole put hot sauce on the carrot he was urging me to 'practice' on."

Joel took a few steps closer, bending to lean on the arm of the chair. "Would you like head?"

Eric looked to Amanda for help. She stifled a laugh. "It's your call, sweetie. I'm tired, myself."

Joel straightened and walked around in front of the chair, kneeling slightly to the side so Amanda could watch as he unzipped Eric's pants. She imagined she could feel what Eric was feeling, imagined his pulse hammering as he anticipated what Joel's mouth would feel like, what he'd do.

Joel was studying Eric's cock. It was a little short, but thick, and Amanda was rather partial to that, herself. It had popped up from Eric's pants like a jack-in-the-box. Cock-in-the-box! She laughed. Joel raised an eyebrow at her.

Eric reached out and touched Joel's hair. That was Joel's cue -- he took the head of Eric's cock into his mouth.

Amanda wished she could see what was going on inside that mouth. Lips pursed around Eric's dick, Joel took half the length of it into his mouth before pulling back and running his tongue over it. He cupped Eric's balls, teasing them. Amanda watched Eric's face: he wasn't going to last long.

Joel swallowed the rest of Eric's cock. Amanda rolled onto her belly, pressing her mound into the bedding. She watched Joel's head bob a few more times before he did something she was pretty sure she couldn't do. He took all of Eric's cock into his mouth as well as his balls. Joel was a goddam chipmunk. He pulled back suddenly just as Eric shot, as if he knew instinctively that Eric liked to make a mess with his spunk. She watched it spatter on Joel's chest and neck.

Joel smiled at her as Eric sank into the chair. "Your pet's very messy."

"I know," she said.

Joel stood up. He wiped the spunk off his chest and smeared it over Eric's lips, leaving Eric spellbound. Joel backed toward the bed, gesturing to Eric. "You'd better get over here and lick me clean." Joel nudged Amanda with a free hand. She rolled back to let him stretch out beside her.

Eric hesitated only a moment before coming to the bed. Joel patted his thigh and Eric climbed up and straddled him, leaning down to lick his come off Joel. He traced a wet tongue-path down Joel's torso. Amanda started frigging herself as she leaned in to kiss Joel on the mouth.

When Eric reached the thatch of hair around Joel's half erect cock, he looked up at him, then took the head of his cock in his mouth. Joel let out a soft breath. Eric ran his tongue along the base of Joel's cock and over his balls. Amanda's finger circled her clit. Joel watched. She spread her labia so he could get a better view. He alternated watching her frig herself and watching Eric suck.

Amanda shifted again, scrunching against the headboard so Joel could watch her hips move; she frigged herself faster and faster; she played with her breasts. Joel twined his fingers in Eric's hair. Amanda gulped air and rubbed harder at her clit. Pleasure was climbing through her body like a wet fire. She devoured Joel and Eric with her eyes.

Joel rose up and fucked Eric's sweet cupid mouth. The first wave of Amanda's orgasm ripped through her as Joel closed his eyes and thrust into Eric's ready mouth. Eric's eyes widened. There you go, darling, she thought, that's what it's like having someone jam their meat down your throat. She watched, amazed. She and Eric were sweat-soaked and flushed, but Joel looked like an angel, even painted with their juices.

Joel pushed Amanda's hand aside, beginning to work her clit, letting Eric watch. She swelled to a trembling come and collapsed in a sweaty tangle on the bed. Eric crawled up and lay beside her, sandwiching her between himself and Joel. She smiled at him. "Well?"

Eric shook his head. "And now I'll fuck Gina for you."

Joel looked at her. "Gina?" he asked. "The barkeep with the leather mini-skirt? The blonde?"

Eric smiled. "Oh, yeah."

"A threesome?"

"Mmm." Amanda smiled at Joel. "Yes. That's how I got Eric to agree to this."

Joel looked at her. "You want so"

Amanda smiled again.

So did Eric. 



