Phantasm Emotes

Case1

For Target: You are swept up into a whirling vortex of ghoulish figures and ghostly visages. You are scared out of your mind!
For Caster: Your victim is sucked up into a whirling vortex of ghoulish visages and appears frightened beyond imagination...

Case2

For Target: The world around you shifts and you find yourself falling into a pit of molten lava! You cannot help but be frightened beyond belief!
For Caster: (targets name) hallucinates that they are falling into a large pit of lava! You laugh in spite of their ill fortune.

Case3

For Target: You are frozen in fear as your worst fear flashes before your eyes!
For Caster: (targets name) is frozen in fear by an image of their worst fear now come true! You laugh manically, "MUHAHAHAHA!"

Case4

For Target: Thoughts of death creep into your mind, and you see an image of yourself dead infront of you. You scream in Terror!
For Caster: Your victim SCREAMS IN TERROR as they mumble something about themself being dead. You can't help but smile.

Case5

For Target: You are terrified as a ghostly arm pops out of your chest and grabs your face. Your screams are muffled by the ghostly hand on your mouth.
For Caster: A ghostly arm pops out of your victim's chest and clamps onto (victims name)s face. Their screams are muffled by your illusion...

Case6

For Target: A ghoulish figure appears riding on a black horse. His head is that of a skull, and stares at you with red eyes sunken deep inside. He charges and you are caught in terror as his image passes right through you.
For Caster: Your target is confronted by a ghoulish skeleton on a black horse. They are caught in fear as the rider charges them and disappears...

Case7

For Target: As you fight your will is broken as 10 of your opponent now appear! Out numbered you panic and your heart pounds in your chest as you try to fend them all off, but to no avail...
For Caster: Your target flurries about screaming something about why there are so many of you? You smirk to yourself.

Case8

For Target: A Ghostly dragon appears before you, and breathes a breath of cold icky blackness over you. You are cast into fear!
For Caster: Your phantasm produces a large ghostly dragon that breaths on your victim. They curl back in horror!

Case9

For Target: Suddenly and without warning the ground opens up underneath you and you fall endlessly into a pit of darkness! Your screams are the only thing that keep you company. You land suddenly back on the same ground you were on before, gibbering in horror...
For Caster: Your victim is frightened for no reason you can determine. They scream and begin to flail their arms out around them, as if they are falling.

Case10

For Target: An image flashes before your eyes. There stands (casters name) over you. Their weapon in hand drips with your blood, as their head turns down to gloat over your fallen form. You seem to be defeated at the end of this combat! You panic...
For Caster: (Targets name) screams, "Its not true! Its not true! I cant die to you! I WONT!" they appear to be mad...