Fervens reported: i have the pet demon you get from the keep, and when i type 'fight <name>' he attacks, MY specials go off and he gets extra initial damage, dropped a snow demon from 6-1\10 in one round with my attack, wep spell, and the pets first attack, its alittle much

Fervens reported: when i dominate a ko'd opponent its name is <name> (Fighting YOU!) etc....

Fervens reported: so far the bind thing doesn't seem to work on players

Viper reported: nothing big... but there's a period missing after my name on the createbag.. After you make it, it says "It belongs to Viper"

Fervens reported: i just thought about it, but it would be nice to have a camouflage notification on the monitor (combat monitor whichever it is heh), would make things easier when trying to stay invis, something like hypermode etc...

Fervens reported: the createball bind, it seems to activate ONLY when the person leaves the original room, not during the fight, dont know if that was intended

Fervens reported: im not complaining or anything but i have 8 tentacles on attack, and hypermode, i shouldn't ever see 2 tentacles attacking in a round, should be 5 at the minimum considering its 'hypermode'

Gratch reported: ive noticed that the help file for the createbag says that other players cant pick up our bags, yet I know as one of my alts ive been able to pick it up, also for some reason in my skills it says this...L1[ShapeArmor] L2[Alarm] L3[Camouflage] L4[CreateBag] CreateBag, this showed up when I got creation to lvl 5

Fervens reported: Howdy! I am back for the time being, I have noticed a damage difference, I am not complaining just clarifying i know the difference, and when i see a DEMOLISHED when i use the ability 'wep' i do not see a huge damage difference (to be honest its sometimes weaker) then some of the other 'wep' damages. I dont know if that was intended or if I am blind or stupid. Just figured i would point that out and say hi at the same time :)

Quagmire reported:  Seems to be a problem loading new guild objects on people who have become a Neo.

Avant reported: when in ooze if dragging a carcass that carcass will disappear if you move

Carnage reported: should be able to remit helm since it's a smooth helm instead of remit helmet

Carnage reported: idea could you make the armor specials have the [armor] in blue like the defend for the regular symbiotes

Carnage reported: idea to be able to use our regular monitor

Carnage reported: idea i miss the random bite attack

Melt reported: mason guild heal will kill me.  I was at full health - 330 and let it tick me down to less than 50 hps.  its still hitting me after quitting out

