
 05.11 -Started new logging practice.  Coded new log cmd of 'nlog', with the 
        intention of using it to log any changes, codes, etc.  Maybe that way 
        I'll know what's going on and what I still need to do.
 05.11 -Gob is up and running stable.  For the most part, all the variables, 
        settings, and queries that are needed are in there, unless something 
        unforseen pops up later.
 05.11 -Trying to keep included objects/code to a minimum, but it was just 
        easier to work with weapon.h, armor.h and tentacles.h as seperate 
        files.
 05.11 -Updated 'score' cmd to use the new query_soak/stuff/intox instead of 
        manually calculating the player's max via hard code.
 05.11 -'absorb' cmd is working properly and help is already written in.  
        Pretty much finished unless there is tweaking later.  Absorbing 
        corpses give MP based on corpse level and neos control, while 
        absorbing items gives MP based on item weight (weight value is capped) 
        and control.
 05.11 -'assign' functions correctly and has help included.  Basically it 
        just allows neos to set tentacles into attack/defend/burnoff/regen 
        modes.
 05.11 -'burnoff' functions correctly.  Help is included and works as well.
 05.11 -'cleanse' functions properly.  Help included and works as well.
 05.11 -'hypermode' cmd and help works correctly.
 05.11 -lbug, lbugs, ltypo, ltypos, lidea, lideas all work correctly.  
        Basically all that stuff is based directly off the muds 
        bugs/typos/ideas commands and will allow me to track, fix, and remove 
        items from each list.  Lot easier than a log that I have to erase what 
        I work on by hand.
 05.11 -'save' functions correctly.
05.12 -'flee' cmd and associated help works correctly.
05.12 -Corrected the way the gob shows short() when the player has shaped 
        armors.  Bascially all I did was take out an extra "\n" at the end of 
        the last armor piece.  The original method was returning an period on 
        the line AFTER the armor shorts.
 05.16 -weapon.h, clawattack.h, kickattack.h, and slamattack.h work as 
        desired.  The numbers probably need to be tweaked as the damage looks 
        ludicris, especially with hypermode active.
 05.16 -tentacles.h now works properly with both attack_tentacles and 
        defense_tentacles fixed
 05.17 -lowered dam by 1/4
