SLIPGATE OUTPOST
Area by Karash

(Note: This summary got pretty long, but it's a detailed account of the theme)


SUMMARY OF AREA

This area is a smaller introductory area that will serve as the entrance
to future areas that will follow the same/similar theme.  Basically, the theme
surrounds the details behind the original Quake video game from the mid/late
90s.  I was planning to recreate the first level of that great video game
here, but that seemed like too big a task as a first area for a new
wizard, so I created this smaller area as an introduction.  Most mobs are
basic, but the John Romero npc is quite different.


PREMISE OF AREA

First, if you are not familiar with the video game, then I'll start there, because
the theme of this area follows the same premise.  The premise of the original
Quake game was that humans developed an instantaneous transport technology
called a 'slipgate' (basically a teleporter).  However, an unknown entity from 
another world/dimension, codenamed Quake, hijacks the technology and begins to
send evil minions into our world, so the creators of the technology try to
find a way to use the slipgates to bring the fight to Quake.

With that premise, I incorporated some real-world facts as well.  The creators
of that video game was Id Software, a group of superstar game creators that
revolutionized the gaming industry with, first, the popular side-scrolling game
called Commander Keen, then they pushed pc-gaming on par with popular game consoles
with the 3D game Wolfenstein, which was followed by the ever-popular Doom!
So, for this new area, all of the NPCs are key members of Id Software at that 
time when the Quake video game was released in real-time 1996 (but no dates are
mentioned in game).  

As for Nirvana, this area is a recently deserted "Slipgate Outpost", a group
of mobile buildings that were put in place to create a strike team to send 
through a slipgate back to the main Slipgate Complex, which acts as a hub to
other areas.  If you will, picture the mobile control center used in the
movie Avatar - this ia a self-sufficient mobile control center, which was needed
when the main complex was overtaken by Quake minions.

The NPCs of this area in Nirvana are portrayed as a think-tank group of programmers, 
strategists, and games-masters who created and developed the technology.
They call themselves the "id" (after Id Software, of course) and they have
been called to the Outpost to advise and assist where they can to regain
control of the slipgates.


FILES

All files related to the area are found at:
/players/karash/Outpost/OutpostSummary - This file.
/players/karash/Outpost/rooms - All room objects
/players/karash/Outpost/mobs - All mob objects in this area
/players/karash/Outpost/items - All weapons, armor, items created for this area


MAP

The area is only 10 object rooms.

				 so03   so06   so09
				   |      |      |
Nirvana - so01 - so02 - so05 - so08
				   |      |      |
				 so04   so07   so10
	   

ROOM KEYPOINTS

1) so01, so02, so05 serve as the walkway through the compound.
2) so03, so04, so06, so07 are smaller mobile units with some basic npcs.
3) so08, so09, so10 serve as a large 3-room mobile unit where most of the code is located
    and where you find the actual slipgate, the details of the area, and the main mob(s).
	
	
NPC/MOBS FOUND

1) Adrian Carmack               (a_carmack.c)
2) Tom Hall                     (t_hall.c)
3) American McGee               (a_mcgee.c)
4) Sandy Petersen               (s_petersen.c)
5) Guard                        (guard.c)
6) Commander Keen               (keen.c)
7) John Carmack                 (j_carmack.c)
8) John Romero                  (romero.c)
   John Romero the Proud        (romero_proud.c)
   John Romero the Criticized   (romero_crit.c)
   Fanboy                       (fanboy.c)
   
Adrian Carmack, Tom Hall, American McGee and Sandy Petersen are lower-level
mobs worth lesser experience found in various rooms.

Guards are lower-mid level serving as guards to the main building.

Commander Keen is described as he would be from his original video game
and serving as Commander of this mission.  He's a mid-higher level mob.

John Carmack and John Romero are the key mobs of the area and described below.


JOHN CARMACK

John Carmack is the genius programmer who developed the engines that run the
technology (both in Nirvana and real-world).  He is located in the slipgate room
where future areas will be accessible.  I made him non-killable in game, so
that players can interact with him to learn the story of the area and to give
hints of what may be coming in the future.  (Try killing him - I had some fun 
with that.)


JOHN ROMERO

Okay, this is where I hope to interest the players enough to keep them coming
back to the area.  I tried to make a unique mob and hope I succeeded.  We'll see.

Real-World Backstory

Some backstory first...especially if you've never heard of John Romero.  

In the real world, John Romero was one of the original co-founders of Id Software.
He helped build Id Software when it was on the rise with Commander Keen, Doom
and then Quake, and the co-founders of Id quickly became multi-millionaires from those
games.  However, while some members (like John Carmack) continued to work
non-stop on the next projects for the company, Romero became somewhat of a 
"rock star" and was eventually asked to leave Id due to lack of focus.

That's when he co-founded his next company and promised the next big game 
called "Daikatana", which was a game about a legendary magical sword that could
be used to gain certain powers (one being time travel).  Unfortunately, the video game
was delayed for years and when it finally came out, it seemed outdated and had
pretty bad gameplay.  The real John Romero turned off a lot of his fanbase 
from his arrogant advertisements and the diva-like perception that was portrayed
by the gaming media.

Romero in Nirvana

So, in game (Nirvana), John Romero has used the slipgate to find this unique sword called
the Daikatana, which is just a plain sword at first.  Romero, the npc, is simply
a mid-level mob who carries a basic sword called the Daikatana.

However, through hints and clues in speech from all the other NPCs in the
complex, the player can learn that if you compliment Romero on his sword, then
something happens.

If the player says some good statements complimenting Romero's sword, the NPC
gains strength from the praise and becomes a higher-level version of the mob,
called 'Romero the Proud' (armored by his "inflated ego").

On the other hand, if the player has the inclination to do the opposite (or 
the desire, after all these years, to finally come face-to-face with John
Romero and really tell him how much his over-hyped video game that followed
the great Doom and Quake really bombed) and criticize his beloved Daikatana...
well, that criticism triggers some nasty stuff.
 
Romero the Criticized

When a player criticizes Romero, he turns into 'Romero the Criticized', a very
high level mob that is more suited for a party to kill.  He empowers his 
magical sword and becomes very aggressive.  In fact, even if calmed, he will
continue to attack the one who criticized him.

This mob also has some special abilities.  

A) Daikatana Damage Shield
  At three times during combat, Romero will activate a damage shield that will
  prevent damage from hitting him (it will deplete the shield though) and revert
  most of the damage back to the attacker that originated it.  This is very cool
  and I'm pretty pumped about this (even if I had to get help from Dragnar to
  pull it off - heh).
  
B) Call Fanboy
  At five times during combat, Romero will utilize his beloved Daikatana and call
  a "fanboy" out of the ether to help protect him from attackers (picture 1996
  gaming fanatics who worshipped Id Software and John Romero's lifestyle at the
  time - yes, I had some fun with this).
  
  Once the fanboy is called, as soon as fanboy recognizes a threat to Romero,
  fanboy will activate a timer on some futuristic device in his pocket (Romero
  has been busy using the powers of his sword to make that happen).  
  
  Everyone in the room will see a countdown, and if fanboy is still standing after
  four heartbeats, a detonation will happen that will do massive damage to every
  living creature in the room.  Note that once the countdown begins, fanboy
  cannot be calmed and players can only stop the timer by killing the fanboy,
  who has very little hitpoints and is easily killed.
  
  
DAIKATANA

The Daikatana (sword) that is dropped by Romero (basic) and Romero the Proud has no special
abilities and is non-saveable.

The Daikatana that is dropped by Romero the Criticized does have special abilities,
but only has 3 charges for those abilities and is also non-saveable.

A) Heal Spell
   A basic heal spell that can be cast by the wielder with no tox.  It can also be
   cast on others with transfer tox, but there is no description on the sword that 
   states you can cast on others.  Players will just have to learn.
   
B) Call Fanboy
   The wielder of the Daikatana can also use a charge to call a fanboy (circa late 90's
   when John Romero was like a gaming god - and before the promise of Daikatana, which
   tarnished that persona), but the fanboy will do nothing to help the player.  In fact,
   if fanboy is present when Romero is attacked, the fanboy will begin a detonation
   countdown as if Romero called the fanboy himself.  Heh.  (Fanboy is basically just
   a novelty item for the players.)
   

CONCLUSION

So, even though the area is fairly small, I put a lot of time and code into it (after all,
Romero is like 3 mobs in one).  I wanted to do something different and try to 
incorporate a lot of different coding techniques into the area to learn functionality.
I'm pleased with it.

I tried to put in lots of comments in the code for others to understand what I'm
trying to do and I also tried to put lots of descriptions in each room.  But, I think
that's what you'll be checking anyway, so I'm sure you'll tell me if it's sufficient.

Anyway, there you go.  I'm still in the process of testing the files to make sure
everything works across the board, but they are complete for the most part.

Sorry this writeup turned out so long, but I was on a roll.  :)

I'll also create a separate file for an object directory.

Please let me know what you find.
Thanks,
Karash
