A brief history of the city of Qual'tor

Qual'tor began long ago as nothing then a couple of buildings at a
crossroads of two major roads intersecting Nirvana. A large and 
popular tavern, The Black Rose Tavern, was built relying on travellers
crossing throughout the realms. A general store stood across the 
intersection from the Tavern, making the area a profitable area for
others to build upon. Eventually the area held about 2 dozen structures, 
ranging from farmers cultivating the rich soil to armorers and blacksmiths
using the tavern and store for thier own business. Everyone who lived
around the area of the Black Rose made a profit and thrived.

Homer Homestead owned and ran the Black Rose Tavern at the time of 
Qual'tor's unification. The locals all met one night within the cozy 
confines of the establishment and decided that a town name would
help to bring more people to the area. They were right, as word got
around Nirvana, many people moved to Qual'tor and built homes and 
business within the town's limits. As the years passed by, the town 
became a city and bandits and raiders forced the city folk to build
a wall around the city and garrison it with a city guard.

The city of Qual'tor was disorganized and run very poorly, and the 
people knew this. It was decided that a city council would be forned
and they would meet every other week to discuss the various problems
and decisions that needed to be made. They elected Sagan as leader
of the city, and he quickly formed the Circle of the Seven. He knew
that a city of this size needed a permanent form of leadership to 
deal with the many problems that a city brings. Qual'tor grew and 
flourished under the Circle's reign.

One fateful day, a fight between two of the sects within the circle
grew nasty and spilled out into the streets of Qual'tor. Many members
of the Circle were killed that day and the seven sects split, with 
the majority of them leaving the city altogether. Qual'tor was in 
shock at this turn of events, not believing its protectors turned
thier backs on them. Without the influence of the Circle, the city
guard disbanded as man-power was insuffienct to protect the city.
Qual'tor fell prey to thieves, rogues and bandits in quick fashion,
and a great firestorm swept through the eastern end of the city.
Many blamed the Circle for their problems and left Qual'tor, settling
in various other realms in Nirvana. Even the famous Black Rose Tavern
fell to the firestorm, symbolizing the fall of Qual'tor
