Chupacabra -Chupacabras are goat sucking, nocturnal alien  panthers who've been stranded years ago on earth.   They can fly, evade much human detection
Tasmanian Devil - 

w

This part-bat, part-kangaroo, part-alien Grey slayer of livestock, - also known as goatsucker


Killer bee swarm
Killer bee swarm


Jersey Devil - Whatever the reason for her child's dire fate, it was born a hideous monster. Its freakish anatomy is most often described as the combination of a  horse's head, the wings of a bat, cloven hooves and a serpent's tail. The newborn beast  supposedly flew off  into the woods of  the pine barrens  (after killing its  mother and family, according to some  accounts), where it has remained in hiding for  hundreds of years. 


Mongolian Death Worm - It is described as a fat, bright red snakelike animal measuring two to four feet in length, which is vividly likened to a cow's intestine. In fact, the name Allghoi khorkhoi means "intestine worm." The death worm is so feared among the people of Mongolia that many consider the mere mention of its name bad luck, and it is attributed with the dramatic ability to kill people and animals instantly at a range of several feet. It is believed that the worm sprays an immensely lethal poison,

Demon -  head the size and shape of a watermelon, with no visible features  except for two round, orange eyes. The rest of its body was thin and spindly, with long,  extended fingers and toes that wrapped around the rocks of the stone wall as it walked. It was between three and four feet tall, with peach-colored, hairless skin.


Thylacine - a bizarre animal that appears to be half wolf and half tiger, with a head like a large dog's, hindquarters like a hyena's, and tiger stripes covering only the rear half of its body.  Let's say this beast also has a long, rigid tail and a pouch like a kangaroo's, except that the pouch opens backwards. 

Thunderbird - wingspan as an alarming 160 feet, and noted that the bird was about 92 feet long, about 50 inches around at the middle, and had a head about eight feet long. The beast was said to have no feathers, but a smooth skin and wingflaps "composed of a thick and nearly transparent membrane...


