7. Guild wars. 
        These won't happen. We are Switzerland. Just as Mizan outlined in 
        several places, we are nuetral. Only pk guilds really have sides in  
        the good/evil battle here. Individual polys may choose to be more 
        good or bad but their views are not those of the entire group. So  
        no organizing attacks on other guilds. I didn't want to have to 
        outline this but it does appear to have to be dealt with thanks to 
        the complaints of an outside guild. 
        
        NO killing GUILD NPC's. I will now outline this further so there will  
                                be no confusion on this point. I mean Do Not 
                                participate in the killing of critters that are 
                                important to other guilds. We would be pissed 
                                if they came after Spuck, same deal for them.
                                 
                                This includes but may not be limited to Shardak, 
                                Necromantic Guardian, Templar Guards, Power 
                                Rangers, and any new ones that may pop up or 
                                that I missed. I know they are often worth a 
                                lot of xp, that usually means they were meant
                                to be extremely hard to kill. Players are
                                stronger now and rewards are greater with the
                                new xp formulas where before they wouldn't 
                                have been worth the challenge. It really does
                                boil down to a respect thing, we don't want 
                                our guild boss killed neither do they.
                                

I didn't want to have to spell out all of this. We have too much selective 
reading between the lines of rules here. All Mizan's policys are still in
effect. I'm not really changing anything I'm just being really specific since
so many of you want to challenge things. I am trying not to favor anyone in 
this guild and frankly I'm about ready to retire. I volunteered to take this  
job because I was getting tired of seeing a lot of wizards talking about
cutting out old code and old guilds to make room for their stuff. I always 
felt at home in the polys and didn't want them to go away. I will continue 
to keep them going for as long as I am allowed to. I will be straight with you
guys the way Mizan was. Just don't try to push me into any corners or take 
advantage of my generosity. I often have a better idea of whats going on than
you think. I'm done now. This should cover all the crap that came to my
attention today. Really though, common sense folks. Later

__Wren

Returning to Regularly Scheduled Programing
 
