4. Player Killing.
	This is still forbidden as it has been for the longest time. There
        is no hard code at present forcibly blocking it. There used to be
        but several polys, my self included spent a lot of time arguing 
        to get the limits reduced due to the high number of pk areas in 
        general that we couldn't go anywhere near. A lot of popular areas
        would not have been accessible now. However just because we can 
        enter the area doesn't mean we are to go linger and try to get 
        jumped so we can try to pk. You are allowed to keep form and 
        flee. Earlier penalties included loss of form, which as you 
        know could have lead to loosing weapons and having to wait for 
        the timer to run down before morphing to that form again. I'm 
        pretty sure no one wants that back. So please, I don't want to 
        see any attempts to kill people.  
            
5. GC's. 
        In the past we've usually had two active GC's. Aiden and Oolabob.
        Trpsprngr and myself. I went and got promoted and left an opening.
        I decided to offer the job to summer. She had expressed an interest
        in the position and demonstrated the right knowledge of the guild. 
        No other candidates leapt out as being interested or ready for it.
        She also has been one of the only polys pointing out bugs and spots 
        that I needed to work on. I work much better with constructive 
        comments and presented ideas then on reacting to complaints and 
        bitching. So, if she wants to keep the title its hers. If you guys 
        have been jerks enough that she wants to resign the commission I'll 
        restore her pervious level. If you pressure the decision (ala violate
        point 2B) I'll bounce you from the guild.

6. BUGs and Ideas.
        Several times I have asked what needed worked on and I've gotten very 
        few useful comments. I usually get complaints about the timers. Which
        were put in by Mizan so they are going to stay a part of life. Verte
        was kinda enough to do some adjusting to them when he noticed they were
        not following the values that they were supposed to. This is in your 
        favor by the way. He also reduced the death delay in multi-limb so 
        monsters wouldn't hang at death for as long as they used to. Wizards
        try to make things fun, but we have to be a bit detached to do this job
        so we really do rely on feedback to know what has broken and what 
        just doesn't work. If something really needs worked on mail me with 
        as much description of the problem as you can and I'll look into it.

