Guild Idea 
Submitted by Wren or Goshawk  aka Morgan Beary
3/5/03

Artificers 

    Based loosely on the techno-wizards and scathatch druids of Rifts
RPG. Artificers are armorers and crafters of interesting devices. 
Since so much of their study and skill are directed toward putting 
magic through other objects they are not strong in direct damage. 
Experience is necessary to properly wield the magics they harness so 
game level plays a part in guild advancement potential but shouldn't
limit it overmuch. Two areas of study run through classic and 
technological. The classics are focused on creating objects of 
ancient warfare primarily while the techie are fond of modern and 
futuristic devices. Perhaps leave it as an option to focus intently 
on one or the other or remain somewhat balanced. If specialization in
one or other allow higher training in it and a 50% penalty to builds 
in the opposition area. It would be keen to have a tech tree for 
skills but now sure how practical that is to build on a mud. Basic 
breakdown of guild levels and skills to follow. Skills can be raised 
to 80% with factors like equipment, quality materials, celestial 
alignment, and others things bringing % up or down further. One must 
have the basic of a skill before they can get the advanced skill of 
a type. Some other prerequisits may be in order for some skills.

No active guild channel, but members will be able to communicate 
inside the guild hall, along ley lines, and by leaving messages. The 
guild hall will have a shop that can be configured to sell the 
creations of members to outsiders. The rest of the guild rooms will 
be out of bounds for nonmembers. Prices and where the money goes will
be partly determined by the council. 

The hierarchy of the guild will be partly elected and partly 
assigned. GC's for what limited peace keeping they need to do will be
placed by the guild council. They should be Forge Captains in good 
standing at least. The guild council will be elected from the 
memberpool at large but should mostly be higher ranked players. Seven
or so should be a good number to allow simple majority on easy 
issues. Role playing will be highly valued and players should 
determine while an apprentice what sort of character they are 
portraying. Whether some sort of goofy techno nerd or a dour 
blacksmith. Alignments aren't highly limited but it is likely to be 
more good than evil. With the whole guild being mostly nuetral since 
builders are preoccupied with the creation of things not how they are
used. New members are added by existing members that have reached 
Forge Captain status. Initially new members will be added by the 
admininstrative wizard until the thing gets rolling. Probably have an
advertised enlisting period following beta test completion with Betas
being likely to be first members to reach highest levels. Following 
completion of apprenticeship the Forge Captain can gather the 
resources necessary to open a personal workroom for the new 
Tradesman. Prior to this apprentices must use either their masters or
the common forge in the main guild hall.

If / when Clans are introduced it is likely that they may wish to try
to hire on an Artificer for resident work. It could be concievable 
that the artificers would be necessary for the building of the Clan 
halls and expansions. With some tweaking the guild should provide 
some useful ways to burn excess coins from players. And if Clan 
houses are given ability to open shops the artificer becomes a means 
of capital for them also.

Drawbacks: 
Cannot fight as well as guildless. Will learn spells that can be cast
to enchant but not offensively. Game spells remain but at a lesser 
effectiveness. Bonus for using their own gear and have little trouble
with most armors. Will actually prefer fairly sturdy armor types when
traveling. High cost associated with crafting of gear. Lots of skills
and spells to invest in. Require gear to use abilities and mostly 
must be near their forges to use. Must raise game levels to cross 
threshold ranks in guild (ie must be lvl 6 apprentice to become a 
tradesman , lvl 11 to become crafter etc). Time, will take a lot of 
time to gather resources for most everything. 


Benefits:
Ability to craft interesting items. Ability to at high level have own
room and possibly to craft vehicles and ultimately sky ships. 
Understand equipment better. Not all time will be spent just 
fighting. Help start an economy on Nirvana. Get players to experiment
more with items and weapons.


Skill break down by level and rank:

Game 	Guild 	    Guild    
Level   Title       Rank


 5	Apprentice   1 - 25   

light forge:	   the forge is essential to the smith, this prepares
                      it for use
fuel forge:	   skill to keep the temp. hot enough to work metals
judge_material:	   determine basic properties of a building material
imbue hammer:	   prepare smithing hammer for forging mystic objects
cantrip:	   simple magic for practicing, can make small 
                       effects ie light, snaps
enchant:	   basic enhancement of object - temorary
sewing:		   create garments, banners, boots, cloaks, leggings
light:		   create a simple light source (lantern, torch, 
                       flashlight)
contribute:	   assist another member with task (PPE, working 
                       billows,etc) 


 6 - 10	Tradesman    26 - 50	

basic electronics: understanding of simple consumer type electronic
                      devices
basic smithing:	   knowledge of basic metal working proceedures and 
                      techniques
navigation:	   directional and map reading
build:		   basic command for creation process
sharpen:	   with access to forge tools can sharpen weapons
forge:		   prepare metal for use in Build
ring:		   basic understanding to make rings
amulet:		   basic understanding of amulet creation
shield:		   basic understanding of shields
caltrips:	   create device to slow running monsters
radio-basic:	   skills to create and use simple radio instruments
advanced-enchant:  enhancemant of object - permanent till reboot
mark/read mark:	   leave hidden message for other guild members

 11 - 15  Crafters   51 - 75

adv. electronics:  knowledge of complex devices and how to build/
                      repair
adv. smithing:	   improved understanding of metals, allows working 
                      dense metals
piloting-land/air: understanding of how to drive or fly small craft
abuild:		   advanced build command
rune:		   ancient empower skill
crystal:	   modern empower skill
repair:		   can restore broken weapons at the forge with 
                      materials
wand:		   understanding of basic wand build
helmet:		   understanding of helmet mechanics
gauntlets:	   can build gauntlets
basic weapons:	   knowledge of weapons: melee types
armor:		   leather, chainmails
projectile weps:   simple projectile weapons, powder guns, crossbows,
                      bows
radio-advanced:	   improved radio skill, cryptology, and relays


 16 - 19+1  Master Crafters  76 - 100	

master electronics:know and can build almost any sort of wired device
master smithing:   know by taste/smell the metal content of object, 
                      use any metals
advanced pilot:	   improved understanding with skills to move larger
                      craft
ship wright:	   necessary skill for the creation of craft (ground 
                      or air)
reforge:	   ability to take existing and make it better (ie 
                      lighter, nobreak) 
identify_crafter:  recognize if something were built by artificer and
                      who did it
staff:		   can build complicated spells for staves
armor:		   plate, full plate, kevlar, armor plating
advanced weapons:  can build complicated weapons with moving parts
energy weapons:	   skill to build pulse pistols, lasers, masers, ship
                      weapons


 19+  Forge Captains  100

take apprentice:   add member to guild, you are responsible for them
create workshop:   can be used to open a new workshop for a tradesman
enchant forge:	   needed to enspell a new forge in a new workshop


 #    Guild Commanders	110

discipline:	   punish member for poor behavior, checkmark against
                      future requests to counsel, negative reaction 
                      on next purchase order, negative chance on next
                      build attempt, something of that nature
check supplies:	   see provisions that are available and next 
                      expected shipment


 #    Guild Council (elected)  X 

vote:		   pass decision on business, can be done with 
                      members as they appear so council doesn't have
                      to reconvene for all issues, vote casting board
                      or something
pricing:	   decide on price of goods, whether all profits 
                      return to guild pool or if percent goes to the 
                      crafter of the object
caravan:	   request a caravan form to bring materials from 
                      dwarven mines (rather random returns on what/
                      how much of each material)
supplies:	   take stock of all available resources in guildhall
                      and make materials  available from stockpile 
                      for purchase from guild store
buy provisions:	   use money from guild coffers to buy supply of a 
                      specific resourse type


      Wizards	120

reward:		   reward good RP or clever ideas, small token like 
                      500xp or a basic material (not to be overused,
                      once every so often for really novel ideas or
                      consistant character)
dispel:		   break enhancement on standard game item
disenchant:	   remove enchantment from guild item
disassemble:	   break a disenchanted item back into its components
view:		   see all guild skills/spells on a player


      Guild Wizard  150

greater reward:    reward good character 1000xp, or rarer material 
                      (rarely to be used, might be necessary for 
                      earning the parts to build large ships)
crafted_list:	   see what artificers have built and which items are
                      currently in use
trade_list:	   see items for sale and that are being purchased
summon_caravan:	   create a caravan that will arrive bringing goods 
                      for the guild
promote/demote:	   raise/lower member rank if necessary and add/
                      remove officers
master view:	   see all guild skills/spells/stats on a member
visibility:	   raise/lower guilds visibility stat


Points to include in processes:
   % bonus on attempts to make better item with higher grade material

   better materials to create better items	silk over cotton
   better materials to create lighter items     steel over iron
   better materials to create stronger items	adamant over steel	

(also higher quality tends to be easier to enchant)


Possible race bonuses/penalties to creating objects:
	(easiest applied as a total in a hidden stat on the character
         guild object at joining)

Race	   %   Apply to:  %	Apply to

Elf  	  +10  Fabrics	 -10  Heavy Armors (not familiar)
Gnome	  +10  Gems	 -10  Basic weapons (not complicated enough)
Dwarf	  +10  Armor	 -10  Fabric (damned small needles)
Nimh Rat  +10  Tech	 -10  Flying machines(fear flying predators)
Dragon 	  +10  Magic	 -10  Vehicles (Why the hell do I need em)
Human 	  +10  Vehicle	 -10  Rune (Lack the years of practice on 
                                    subtleties)
Orc	  +10  Axes	 -10  Magic (Duh not clubbing things)



Experience costs initial thoughts:
	50,000 per rank (1-100)			5,000,000xp
	100 per point of skill/spell (1-80)		   324,000xp

  {55 = 1-10}{155 = 11-20}{255 = 21 - 30}{355 =31-40} {455=41-50} 
  {555=51-60} {655 = 61-70} {755= 71-80}  
                         I couldn't do the mental math ;)

	50ish skills, 50ish spells	100 or so total to learn

Rough total: 	37,400,000  XP if maxing all spells/skills allowed,
                more likely lower with only part of skills available,
		possibly allow learning all skills after reaching top
                guild rank 100. Amazing how much xp players invest if
                its in small doses over time. Also, if potentially 
                powerful items are allowed an XP cost may have to be
                accessed to the build to reflect the energy the 
                crafter is putting into it and to offset its 
                potential gains. Will also keep artificers from mass
               	producing the absolute best gear and supplying 
                everyone with it.


Coin cost thoughts: 
   (may sell most as ores that will need to have smelted down or 
      finished by player before use)
   (fabrics may go as raw spools that will need to be woven into 
      the fabric)

These costs are just first thought may need to adjust.

  Likely need 1 - 10 units of fabric for garb, 5 - 8 units for wooden
  weapons, 8 - 10 units for metal weapons, 10 - 20 for metal armors, 
  vehicles will need 50 - 100+ units of metal dependant on size + 
  fuels + subsystems which are seperate builds, forging will require 
  material to be worked as well as fuel for forge at around 10 units 
  of wood and 20 of coal for small job and up for bigger projects. 
  Some raw resources can be stored in the personal workrooms. No 
  finished products though. Possibly have a couple of small mine 
  areas where with some risk of attack players can get some of the 
  resources they need without waiting for the caravan to deliver.

	Material:		Coin cost per unit:

		Wool			10
		Cotton			20
		Polyester		30
		Silk			60
		Tech fiber		100
		Light Wood		50
		Hard Wood		80
		Coal			20
		Copper			40
		Bronze			50
		Gold 			500
		Silver			350
		Iron			200
		Steele			280
		Mithril			680
		Adamantite		880
		Petroleum		50


Caravans will arrive randomly during week. Possibly more if needed. 
Caravans will carry a random amount of the needed materials. Council 
can hire additional caravans at a rather steep cost but the 
provissions will still be random. Council keeps materials in storage 
and assigns what goes to the shop inside. Hording shouldn't be a 
problem since no councilor can access the goods directly. Wizards 
shouldn't tamper with this process over much after its running. A log
showing arriving caravans will be available for guild wizard review 
to keep track and make sure supplies are balanced still.


Spells: 
	Many spells will be learnable by members and should be 
scattered amongst the guild ranks. Game spells will be usable in item
creation also. Missle can be used in magic guns, Shock to power up 
energy weapons or as an electical field, Fireball for fire effects, 
sonic for radio burst devices. Etc. I haven't worked up a list of 
other spells yet, but I figure roughly 50 spell effects to compliment
the skill list with roughly a third leaning toward ancient a third 
leaning toward modern and a third of general nature. Spells will also
have proficiency rating like the skills with a max at 80% prior to 
bonus/penalties for equipment and situation.

Vehicles: 
	This is something I think will provide a lot of character to 
the game. If we have a classic artificer they will be attempting to 
create balloons or daedalean wings. With the modernists we'll see 
builds of motorcycles, cars, and of course the epitomy the starcraft.
Vehicles will be set to the character with some possible 
modifications allowable later. Before boot or log out the vehicle 
must be returned to the guild to a hangar room else it risks being 
'impounded'. For a fee it will be restored to the player. Mount code 
of some sort should work for all the personal craft, larger ones 
shouldn't be more than a couple rooms and will get their own std to 
save on code and game memory.

Pets: 
	I'm not sure what to do about them yet. No specific plans for
pets in the guild at present. I like the in game pets like wockets 
and I don't see any reason why they can't be used. Though perhaps it 
could be feasible to say that artificers are too busy with their 
craft to care for an animal. Dunno though I can see having a cat 
around the workshop.

Kids:
	Now relationships, I can see these being goofy for someone 
wrapped up in magic and technology. The ultimately preoccupied 
person. It would amuse me to not allow kids but then thats tampering
in areas the player wouldn't like. The idea of virtual sterility 
(being the only way i can think of to keep them from breeding) isn't 
likely to sit well. Heh ah well.

Miniguilds: 

I like these. They provide a means of differentiating one guild 
member from any other. And many like the felines always seemed to 
encourage an element of role playing. I think we could use a few more
I had ideas for a pirate and canine and having both resets name to 
Seadog. But thats for another set of notes. One consideration on 
miniguilds for the Artificers is possible overwriting their Goportal.
It is possible for them to keep it but it fits more if they can only 
use it on leylines or in places of strong magic like the guild hall. 
Just a thought. Leylines I think could be as simple as a variable 
added to some rooms with  like 1-light, 2-moderate, 3-strong, 4-nexus
for strength which could be used in some of the magic checks.
