Verte guild contest additions:

Story:
Grand historic overview: 
{As documented from discussion with participants}


Conflicts of good and evil often occur on epic scales. Many mortals 
are unaware of the battles but often feel the effects. One such 
battle preceeded the forming of the Artificers. The forces of 
darkness had gathered for an attempt to destroy several minor powers 
of good. A larger battle was in the works and they wished to 
strengthen their position before it began. These minor benevolent 
deities were jumped by several ancient evils. The culmination of the 
battle brought the death of one of the demigods at the hands of a 
powerful demon. The forces unleashed by the dying god and the wild 
energies flying around caused vast amounts of damage to the 
dimension. Several stars went nova bringing doom to their inhabited 
systems. The benevolent gods were forced to cease battle to stem the 
damage. Many lives were lost but some were spirited away to safer 
locations. The dark gods used the diversion to slink away to their 
own home realms to lick their wounds and gloat on the minor victory. 
The good deities did their best to restore the the area of their 
disturbances but some of the planets were rendered dead. One such 
planet was that which held the first of the artificers. The gods 
found that some had taken steps to preserve themselves but the 
backlash from the excess magic had torn the planet apart.

These war orphans were mostly scholars and creative artisans. The 
gods many of whom were patronized by similar mortals chose to place 
their blessings upon them. They gathered the group together in the 
new land and showed them additional techniques of crafting devices. 
The mortals were unsure who these knowledgable individuals were but 
found the lessons worth while. The gods found receptive individuals 
that could carry the light of knowledge to other worlds. So it was 
decided to inform them of their divinity and train them in the mystic
arts as well. The students took to it with a zeal and became the 
first of the Artificers. Using the knowledge of magic, many took to 
exploring. They came across technology and found it fascinating. With
some modifications they learned how to alter it with magic and 
developed the first technowizard applications. These developments 
were seperate from those that took place on Earth. And the Artificers
with their mixture of technology and mysticism came to a level of 
science ahead of most that we could boast of.

An exploring group ran across the realms of Nirvana and saw a vast 
dark land nearly void of sciences. Roving bands of combatants and 
people using technology and ancient magic weapons that they little 
understood were the only folk they encountered initially. These 
wanderers then found that something blocked their leaving. Unable to 
enact the magics to return them home they found a place to dig in and
plan. They intended to return to their bretheren but found the 
traveling magics didn't work. Their other talents didn't seem 
effected so they began to devise other means to leave. While working 
they were discovered by some of the less barbaric natives and came to
see the realm wasn't as war torn as they had thought. Most of the 
Artificers came to view Nirvana as a new home and worried less about 
escaping. Before long they determined that they would need assistance
to gather the magic and components to make an escape attempt. Some of
their skills were passed to these trusted clever natives and they 
took to it very well. Upon completion of the first forges and having 
crafted the many tools they would need to leave; they decided not to. 

It was decided unanimously to remain here and select a few students 
to learn their arts. The fit was decidedly good for all involved. New
ideas flowed in and out with the trade goods and the Artificers 
thrived while improving the lives of many they had thought to be 
savages. The early artificers managed to send word home that all was 
well and established a means of visiting as desired. Selecting new 
members is a careful decision for the secrets of the Artificers can 
bring great power when used recklessly. Word was recieved from their 
home that the forces of darkness had learned of the existance of the 
Artificers and were displeased that a group loyal to their enemies 
had formed in part do to the battle they had thought won. All 
Artificers took to lowering their profile so as to not draw the wrath
of the dark ones. This is where the group is now, several years of 
hiding and maintaining their secrecy. Only recently taking a few 
students to learn their magics. 


The mortal perspective of the events: 
{as documented by those that lived it}


A great seer on another world foresaw a great dark age approaching. 
He decided that the arts and sciences of his world should not pass 
into nothing and took steps to secure their survival. He gathered 
many of the greatest artists and craftsmen of the time and told them 
of the impending disaster. Many were skeptical and chose to ignore 
his warnings. Several master builders and scientists had seen signs 
of something unnatural on the horizon and were more open to the idea.
The elven and dwarven mystics had also witnessed omens and listened. 
They discussed for several days and landed upon the idea of taking 
their knowledge to another realm where it could be preserved in hopes
of returning to their homes with it should the cataclysm occur. 

Great magics were brought together by the many mystics that had 
arrived to find the plan forming. The many texts, pieces of art, 
sciences, and scholars were gathered in a place of magic to be sent 
to another location in a nearby world. The lines of power were drawn
and the seers declared the time to be right for the sending. A few of
the most sensitive psychics felt the disturbance before it occured. A
shockwave rippled across the continent at the edge of the cataclysm. 
A great many died sending massive amounts of energy into environment 
and supercharging the magics that were being used to send the archive
to the other realm. The results of the heightened energy achieved the
desired goal with an effect greater than was anticipated. All of the 
assembled scholars were thrown across space and dimensional barriers.
The fates were kind though and they landed mostly whole on a 
habitable planet. 

Some natives approached and surprised the assembled scholars by 
speaking clearly in a language they could understand. Conversation 
was entered and they learned where they had landed and were surprised
futher to find that the people they were speaking to knew of their 
origins. Necessary provisions were prepared and buildings constructed
to house the refugees. They conversed with the several natives and it
was found they were not only skilled in languages but were masters of
several trades. Exchanging of information occured and friendships 
formed. After a time the displaced people noticed that no one else 
had been found, no cities, no other signs of habitation to explain 
the presense of the "natives". When asked, they decided to reveal 
their true nature to the assembled scholars. The refugees were 
certainly taken back by the truth of their friends but found that it 
changed little in the arrangement. The deities were open about the 
events that had brought everyone together and showed them what had 
happened to their home. They then asked what they intended to do now 
and offered to teach them more if they would become champions of 
light. The assembled agreed and learned rapidly from the divine 
presenses. They learned improved magics that were more dependable 
than the forms they had known before. They learned how to travel 
great distances and began to explore along with their powerful 
benefactors. 

One such group went without the guidance of the gods and became lost 
on a foreign world. Populated by strange technologies and violent 
barbarians. It was a strange mix of modern and ancient savagery. The 
group sought shelter and began to work toward returning home. Their 
travel magic seemed to not work as it was intended and they could not
escape. They decided they would gather resources necessary for a 
stronger magic attempt. While working to prepare the escape magic 
they stumbled over some rangers and bards in discussion with some 
unusual looking other creatures. It was determined that not all the 
creatures here were mad and that some might be friendly to the cause.
They continued with the work but found the area wasn't entirely 
unpleasant. It became a concern that they couldn't complete all the 
necessary preperations for the ritual to find their home realm with 
just the five of them. 

They explored cautiously and found some people that seemed to be of 
like mind. They taught them some of their arts and found them to be 
capable students. After much work and preparations were completed and
the necessary celestial events drew near they decided they weren't 
worried about returning home just yet. They were pleased with their 
apprentices and didn't intend to abandon them or bring them along. It
was decided they would continue working on their craft in secret lest
the violent evil bands should hear of their creations and wish to 
take them for there own use by force. Their students progressed 
steadily to nearly match the skills of their masters. 

New ideas on forging and spellcasting were devised and they made 
contact with their home realm. Their was much relief to both parties 
to find that all were alive and well after such a long absense. After
long discussion it was decided that those that were in the land 
called Nirvana should stay on as they had been and preserve the 
knowledge of the Artificers. Rumors of the dark powers gathering in 
the home realm for an offensive were gaining attention and it was 
planned that the new base could be a fall back point should battle be
joined. Or in the worst case scenario, carry on the the works of the 
guild should their new home be destroyed as the last one had. The 
guild quietly drew in some new apprentices and work continued on the 
hidden settlement. The anticipated war has not resumed yet and the 
new home is proving profitable and becoming comfortable. Some of the 
minor creations have been traded for the necessary resources to craft
defenses for their comrades in the other realm. While others have 
been used to purchase technology to study for possible uses. Some of 
the newer students demonstrated a talent for blending the modern 
science with the older magics to create mystic energy driven devices 
of wild variety of effects. Recently it was noticed that the 
Artificers were being discussed by outsiders as a myth of the 
mountains. Taking to heart the near slip of security, the elders 
quieted much of the traffic in and out of their home except for the 
necessary trade caravans and supply foraging missions. This brings us
about to date.


Directly to players:

This is where the guild rests now, on the edge of being discovered, 
rebuilding their strength and fearful of outside aggression. Players 
should keep this in mind for their characters. The secrets of the 
craftsmen are guarded closely against outsiders and within the guild 
ideas flow freely but not to the point of telling how to do things. 
Self discovery is highly valued and its poor form to just lead 
somebody to something as though it were the only solution to a 
question. Thinking outside the box is important especially when 
wielding magics. Caution is practiced though and members do look out 
for each other's best interest and do warn against dangerous actions.

Ie.   Don't talk about guild to non-guild. Inside the guild be 
         helpful but don't tell people how to play their characters 
         or how to power game.

      If you have the resources to help a guildmate with a project 
         thats kewl, but don't feel that you have to and don't make 
         it a point to just try to load everyone up with as many 
         resourses as they can hold. However when it comes to your 
         own apprentices you should be somewhat generous to help them
         get started and to find their way around again you don't 
         have to max them out.

      Try to develop a distinguishing characteristic. Some players 
         are recognizeable by their eccentric behaviors a certain 
         bow, a flourish of garment, a penchant for offering roses, 
         these aren't best examples but the idea is to find things to
         help you stand out. Don't pick things that are annoying or 
         spammy though. All normal rules of behavior are applicable.

      Be considerate of your guildmates. Admittedly some people will 
         rub you the wrong way. This doesn't mean you need to make a 
         public nuisance or bring the whole game into the issue. Try 
         to work out things with each other peaceably. Failing that a
         Forge Captain or other member can mediate. If that doesn't 
         settle the dispute a wizard can step in and pass judgement.
         Remember this is a game, meant to be fun, don't let bad 
         feelings fester.

      Player killing. It doesn't fit with the desires to remain low 
         profile against the greedy outside forces good or bad. If it
         comes to light that the guild has a vast collection of 
         resources and useful devices it would draw looters and 
         unwanted attention from the darker forces that look to 
         remove the guild from the grand scheme. This path should not
         be sought out it only leads swifly down the path of ruin for
         those that come in its way.

      Some other policies will need to be hashed out here to cover 
         dealing with apprentices, recruitment, forging, item 
         distribution, no guild wars, and all other rules especially 
         the stuff that should be common knowledge but somehow still 
         gets questioned by the lobeless twits that just can't accept
         that something just "ARE", Err anyhow....


Some thoughts on other guilds: 
{possible guild opinions, not necessarily that of wizards}

   Shardaks:
        The Artificers are scared of the Shardak and not surprisingly
        so. Their demonic master is not so different from the demons 
        that participated in the war that destroyed their homes. 
        Making a pact with a dark being for powers is also not 
        something the Artificer would be willing to do. They 
        appreciate the light.
   Cybers:
        These are confusing to the guild. They appreciate the mix of 
        flesh and steel on an intellectual level and can see the 
        benefits for repairing crippled bodies but the idea of 
        willingly reducing ones natural form and rely on machinery 
        doesn't mesh with the magical nature of most Artificers.
   Healers:
        Considered to be doers of good. Their benevolent spirit fits 
        well with guild. Easily thought of as friendly to the cause 
        of good even if they do heal some evils as well. 
   Bards:
        Keepers of knowledge and lore should be parallel to interests
        of the Artificers. It has been found that most of the bard 
        have been overly interested in song only and do not quite fit
        the strong scholarly role the guild had hoped for. They can 
        be helpful but are not granted any special attention or 
        information from us. They also tend to be too talkative to be
        trusted with critical secrets.
   Paladins:
        Warriors of good causes. The stories heard by the guild have 
        spoken well of these men and woman. The mix of divine magic 
        and weapon training sounds like a fair pairing with the 
        Artificers. Should this group reappear the guild might be 
        interested in offering them a limited trade deal for gear in 
        exchange for a limited defensive pact. And to ask if they 
        will join the war against the greater evil should it try to 
        find the guild here in Nirvana.
   Knights:
        "Holy" warriors. After observing this guild the elders 
        decided it would be best to not approach them. While they 
        have some of the right ideas written in their religious texts
        they seem a bit lax in the following of them. Often conceited
        and overbearing, it would be risky to arm them for it would 
        likely end up in enemy hands after the knight was slain.
   Polys:
        Strange magical creatures very hard to classify. They appear
        to have the basic physical characteristics of the usual races
        of the realm but they shift forms as easily as donning a new 
        shirt. Clearly creatures of magic but uncertain as to what 
        their long term goals are. Some have proven friendly and 
        useful but should be carefully dealt with on a case by case 
        basis. Some have also been known to play with the powers of 
        darkness and can be dangerously wreckless.
   Rangers:
        An interesting blend of technology and probably some sort of 
        magic. Verdict is still out. Watching them shows they carry 
        little equipment generally and they seem to fight evil 
        regularly. But they are seldom seen and often seem to blend
        into the general population most times. If the threat of 
        great evil approaches ambassadors will likely try to come to 
        an agreement with the rangers to help. All present 
        information shows that they would likely arrive in a bright 
        flash to help on their own unbidden if the need were great 
        and genuine.
   Symbiotes:
        Curious creatures. For a time thought to be an offshoot of 
        the polymorphs that had chosen to only master two forms. 
        After some additional observation at great risk to the 
        viewers it was discovered that it was two life forms bonded 
        together. Biomancy is not entirely unfamiliar with some of 
        the mages but the practice of subjecting a sentient being to 
        host a parasitic life form for some sort of power gain is 
        considered an evil practice. The symbiotes seem to be 
        ruthless life forms that are not content with simple survival
        they relish destruction. Some appear to serve the forces of 
        good, but the elders have chosen to avoid them. Risks outway 
        benefits and they appear to use little the guild could offer 
        them. Cautious dealings.
   Warriors:
        It was later found that Many of the violent savages witnessed
        by the first Artificers were of this group. Some have ethics 
        but many seem to follow whatever whims come to them as they 
        go. Their tactics very greatly but all spend a great deal of 
        time training for combat. If their loyalty could be counted 
        on the elders might have tried to recruit them. But it is too
        loose knit a group, no leaders to hold accountable. A few 
        members have done well and can be counted on to help in a 
        pinch. Another group that should be dealt with cautiously. 
        Individuals can be trusted, many are too self-interested. 
        They have an interest in our technology and magics. Must be 
        careful what we let them acquire so they don't turn our 
        resources back upon us.
  Vampires:
        A scourge against all sentient beings. Vampiric intellegences
        are among some of the greatest enemies of the Artificers. The
        vampires found in Nirvana seem to have a greater amount of 
        free will than most encountered by the Artificers. Leading to
        questions about the nature of their originator. Some act as 
        though they serve the forces of good but it is expected that 
        they are but skilled actors trying to create false sense of 
        friendship to keep people off guard and to delay any 
        organized attempt to wipe them all out. They are evil and to
        be avoided as partners of the forces of darkness.
  Necromancers:
        While these magicians invest magic energy into inanimate 
        objects much as an Artificer does, they do so with the bodies
        of formerly living creatures. Desecration of life sentient 
        and non is not something the Artificer does. If something 
        must die it should be respectfully and out of necessity. Not
        in the pursuit of dark powers. Be wary, they seem to serve no
        particular deity but several death gods are suspected and may
        be among the ones that plagued the founders of our guild.


Deities favoring the Artificers:

Enki (Babylonian) Water, Teacher of magic and civilization; 
Hephaestus/Vulcan (Greek/Roman) Smiths and artisans; 
Freyr (Norse) Sun and Rain, negotiations,Good causes; 
Xolotl (Aztec) Magic and magicians



Some of the founding members of Nirvana's Artificers: 
    {possible guild NPC's}

Deothyrn the Silver(Dragon) Rune Master,
Kidathy of Lahit (male Elf) Cloak and Sky Sails, 
Strontiz deGwilm (male Dwarf) Armors,
Caladine the White-whisp (female human) Ritual Magic and Augury ,
Ronath of Druzik (male human -
       presumed deceased but sometimes thought to spirit wander the 
       guildhall, his true fate is not entirely clear) Swords


