
                         -=[ Deeds ]=-


   As a knight you are expected to perform great deeds and
other honorable actions.  The performance of these deeds
will grant to you experience that you otherwise would not
have in everyday battle.  By increasing your deeds you will
be able to attain the abilities that accompany your guild
level. On the other hand, when you act in an unknightly
manner, your deeds and self-worth drop considerably.

 Deeds are to be awarded in one of 3 categories:

 The first of these are small deeds. These are helping out
 newbies and contributing to their welfare, aiding a knight
 that is down on their luck, pking a criminal while out
 numbering them, and other small deeds.
 
 The second type is medium deeds.  Medium deeds are, defeating
 exceptionally powerful monsters, pking a criminal of equal or
 lesser level without aid, and other deeds found fit to be in 
 this category.
 
 The third type is the great deed.  Great deeds are, defeating
 an almost unbeatable monster, pking a criminal that is of 
 higher level that yourself without aid, defeating any of the
 numerous tests that exist(elemental, despoina, etc.) or dying
 for a cause(Not by accident), or any number of other events
 that might fit under this category.
 
 Penalties are given in a similar manner.
 A small penalty is robbing the bank(without killing the guard),
 corpse stealing, or some other non-lethal event.
 A medium penalty is killing of a good monster, a pet/kid, or 
 some other non-player oriented event.
 A great penalty is the killing of a non-criminal, or other 
 similar events that defy the tablet.
 
 Too many penalties will constitute an investigation into the
 Knights activities and could result in expulsion or suspension.  
  
 Remember this:
 When giving out awards and penalties, speak with the person
 first and find out if they have been awarded yet. Giving
 multiple awards for the same event will constitute a penalty
 either to the person giving or the person receiving, or both.
 
 All awards and penalties are logged also and checked regularly.
 
 If you penalize someone and they, in retaliation, penalize you
 in return, that person will be removed from the guild.

 Penalties and awards are not to be given lightly, to do so will
 be considered cheating and dealt with in a swift and efficient
 manner.

 Related Topics:  award, penalize
     


