    
                         -=[ History ]=-

from: http://www.trantex.fi/staff/heikkih/knights/baishorh.htm

A Short History of the Knights Templar


      According to Archbishop William of Tyre, writing between 1175 and 
1185, The Order of the Poor Knights of Christ and the temple of Solomon 
was founded in 1118 by Hugues de Payen. The background of the Order was
the recapture of Jerusalem from the Saracens in 1099. (source) This 
enabled the Christian community to embark upon pilgrimages to the Holy 
City, but the routes to the city were very dangerous. The Knights Templar
provided security to travellers and were often employed by kings to guard
the pilgrims. The Order gradually became wealthy, although the brotherhood
were sworn to chastity and poverty. In its high noon the Order claimed
authority over that of kings, which well irked monarchs and the church. 

      In 1187 Jerusalem was again lost to the Saracens, and in 1291 the
last Crusader fortress of Acre fell. The Order relocated to Cyprus, but
with the Holy Land lost, it no longer commanded such prestige as 
previously. The Order was also increasingly at odds with monarchs, who
were jealous of the immense funds the Order had amassed. 

      Finally, in 1307, Philip the Fair of France issued orders to arrest
all Templars and to confiscate their possessions, basing his orders on
accusations of blasphemy, heresy, and illicit behaviour of the Templars.
He claimed to pass the possessions on to the Church, but actually
intended to fund his own campaigns of war with the treasure. The trial
of the Templars took seven years because of the papacy, which also was 
fighting against Philip, was not very keen to dispel its most effective 
military wing. Under pain of torture, many knights and serving brothers
admitted that the charges made against the Order were true. Finally, the
Order was found by papal courts to be guilty of the accusations and it 
was disspelled, its possessions reclaimed, and two of its top men, namely
Jacques de Molay and Geoffroi de Charnay burned at stake in Paris in March
1314. The famed Templar treasure, however, was for the most part not found,
and it has been the object of avid inquiry ever since. 

      It now appears to be generally accepted that the Templars were also
victims of the power struggle between the extremely powerful king Philip
of France and the Holy See. Because of the power of the Order, Philip 
wanted to have it suppressed, and because Philip posed as a defender of
the faith, the Church could not rescue the Order without appearing as 
an enemy of the faith it professed. The Church would not have recovered
from the scandal Philip could have raised by telling the people that 
the Church harbored heretical knights.
