Hello, this is your example docs.  In this directory, I have place examples
of most everything I could think of.  exampleroom.c is an example of a room
that clones a monster with a weapon, armor, and money, but you don't need
to have the code for any of the monster or it's stuff, in your directory.
brutus.c is a basic monster that doesn't do anything.
the monster cloned in exampleroom.c is /obj/monster.talk
this monster is brutus also, but has talking abilities.

Another way to code a room, is exampleroom2.c.  This room assumes that you
have coded a monster, a weapon, and a piece of armor for the room.  The room
is reset, it checks to see if the monster is there, if not, it clones it.
It then clones the weapon/armor and moves it to the monster.  In the example
before, the room cloned obj/weapon.c and obj/armor.c and described them.  In
this example, you have already described (coded) the armor and weapon for the
monster.  Notice in this room, there is two Bruti, this is because of the 
integer set at the beginning of the file, int i;  it checks to see how many
if any, bruti there are in the room, if there isn't any, it clones 2 of them.

The file hidden_exit_room.c simply shows two ways of making an exit that
you can't see.  I prefer the second way (cause you can make it say neater stuff)
but you can experiment and find out which you like better.

The workroom.c file in here is just a rough sketch of what you can do in yours.
The four actions I added to it are simple ones, although almost everyone has
them.

The files Weapon.rules, healing.costs, and monster.chart should be read in
their entirity prior to any coding of monsters, weapons or any healing
regiments.  These files state specific guidelines that are to be followed
or face the consequences.

Well, that's about all I can think of right now, but if you need more, just
lemme know, and I'll put something else in here.  Always open for questions, and
remember, the best way to learn is to read alot of code, and figure it out by
trial and error.  Asking a fellow wizard seems to help a lot too  :)  .....

            ------------- Rumplemintz
