
Templar Squires!

  Templar squires will replace the free "pet" squires
offered to all Templar (for like 3sp) that really have
no function what so ever.


  Templar Squires are available to any Templar.  They 
work as follows:
  There are 5 squires available per reboot.  Only 5 
squires total can be used at one time.  If a squire
dies during a reboot it will lose all stats for the
entire reboot.  A new squire will not be available 
until the game reboots.  When the game reboots the new
squire will start out with new stats.  (The old Squire
therefor has a "real" death.)
  
  Each time someone hires a squire it will cost 10k
in coins.
 
  Each squire can wield a weapon and wear armor.  They
can also hold up to 50k in coins from the Templar.  
 
 The squire begins with a base hp of 50.  An exp value
of 0.  Each round of combat (not against another Templar)
the squire gains a random amount of expierence.  The
Squire will gain levels (up to 10).  Each level gained
will give the Squire more HP.  Up to level 5 the Squire
does not receive "side attacks" from monsters.  After 
level 5, they are considered "is_pet()" and will receive
side attacks. The squires retain their expierence (but
not items coins) when they are "dismissed" back to the
Squire hall.  Next time the Squire is used, it will have
the EXP and HP from the previous campain.
 
 When a Squire reaches level 10 they gain expierence
up to a "hidden" level 11.  Once the Squire reaches that
level upon dismissal the squire will "leave" the Templar
Squire and will be replaced by a new level 1 squire upon
the next reboot.
 
 Squires CANNOT initiate combat.  They will not attack 
a player (PK or non PK) but at anytime can be attacked
by a player.  All items and coins on the squire drop to
the ground upon death.
  
 A squire will regain hp at a rate of random(3) each
round outside of combat.



feast_hall.c
back_hall.c  
              =  These rooms control the cost and manipulate the
              =  ability of the Templar to control the Squire
              =  (For some reason with the catch_tell the 
              =   Squire ignores commands until it follows
              =   the player somewhere (hence the back_hall.c)

squire_daemon.o
              =   Handles the Names and EXP of each Squire.

squire_daemon.c
              =   Handles grabbing of the squires names, setting
              =   alias', shorts, and making sure only one
             =   Squire per spot per reboot is available.

squire.c
              =   The carne of the Squire.  All commands and 
              =   abilities are in this file. [Woot!] 
INFO
              =   The file you are reading now! [Cool!]


