Chaos Wood #3

Time for an expansion 

So seems like a lot and it is but it is not for the weak of heart
ads the mud has evolved over the past 10 years so have the players
and the power level of the player.  No longer is the 6k MOb really 
a test of what is hard for a player any more.  I have always in my
areas not really coded for the everyday player I have coded for the
player who wants to try and see if they can get it done.  If they 
kill the unkillable mob.  Unfortunately I think what has happened is
wizards over the 10 years is the players can kill the 500k mobs with
some effort.

So I come back after awhile and see Dragnar and lots of the same 
ole same ole and Drag a year later gets the base fired the base
I get back in to playing and I see no real challenge in mobs Mizans
OPL is pretty cool. But it is more of a puzzle that people don't
understand than a test of a lets take on one mob for a gear drop.
In fact the gear in OPL is non-existent.  

So a Brief Over-View (Area Made For Power Players)

Rogar - Based on Gnarlin
  Gnarlin is killed by 2 Players now (Timespliter and Dreadbane)
          Gnarlin has killed Dreadbane and Timespliter 6-8 times in 
		  in the past 3 months. Mob has 70% physical resistance and
		  several other resistances making the mage guild really the
		  only guild that can realistically kill this mob.  Oh and
		  the spells he drops when they hit hit really hard.
		  His drop is a Wep that when Dual Wielded with its mate
		  has a special but does not really do anything by itself.
		  Thanks to Dragnar for the cool Special Dualwielding cause
		  I couldn't figure out the shadow code dualwield problem.
		  
Chandra is a mob that I really have worked on for a few days.  No
          test player or player has really killed her yet.  As a 
		  wiz Pesty and I have killed her using normal weapons with 
		  crazy OP guild bonus it took around 10 minutes for us to
		  down her with us trying.  I suggest you try her on for 
		  size if you want to see for yourself.  She heals way 
		  a lot.  
		  She has a wep designed for a healer no other guild would
		  really want it honestly but it is there
		  And she drops a cloak that is Soulbound to the person
		  who tanks and kills her that means only that person can 
		  wear or store the item.  The cloak is a big bag also.

Solaris is a Mob that is an ArchMage of the CraterMakers he drops    
          a lot of gear that is mage specific he has blicked a lot
		  of test chars cause he hits random chars in the party and
		  mutli casts and casts a lot of spells...is capable of 500+
		  a round if you wimpy he is surrounded by super aggro 
		  protectors that will follow you and when you reenter his 
		  room he will zap you with a fireball..if you leave the room
		  while the super aggro guy hits you Solaris will continue
		  to shoot missles at you from a room away to kill you.
		  
		  
Needless to say This area will kill a lot of people, I encourage and 
would actually appreciate anyone who would run a normal test char +100
around to kill the guys in the area.