Theme/Info:

These are NOT actual Druids.  Just like the Templars aren't like the real Templar Knights.  These druids are lovers of nature.  Who harnass the powers of nature and of the forest.  They have a forest sanctuary that is guarded by 2 Spirits and a Druid GM.  A group COULD break through this and go kill all of the animals in the sanctuary.  But there is NO gold and NO exp on these mobs.  So they'd just be jerks.  ;)
Inside of the sanctuary there will be a few outside areas that serve for guild functions.  These will be scattered through the forest area.  So boards, lists, places to store loot, places to train your skill will be intergrated into the forest.

That's all for now


-----------------
Disadvantages:
Since slicing weapons can only destroy nature, they can only wield Staves.
(We need more staves in the game btw.)  This will limit them from doing the IcyDeath or Desponia Quest also.

No Mini guilds.  I don't like mini guilds anyways.

Only 2 attack spells.  Both of these are kinda useless sps wise anyways.

No secondary pets.  IE: No demon of the keep.  You should only trust your animal brethern from the druidforest.
---
Special Needs:  
spells do NOT use sps.
All spells and powers rely on Mana.
Mana: MaxSP+(Wil*10)+(int*2)

Druids must 'meditate' and turn sps into Mana.  The act of meditation takes 10sps to start.  In meditation you cannot use any spells or powers.  Chat lines are still open and you are still attackable.  You can unmeditate with ease however.


---
Advancement.
You start with only a few cmds.  Guild chat, meditation and the such.   Also 'control' so you can capture pets and the first DoT.
The first weather, shield and Call must be bought w/ exp from the Druid GM mob.
From there on, every time you use a spell sucessfully, it gives you a point for that Area.  Each spell must be bought with a small amt of exp AND with the points you made using spells.  These tables will have to be tested.

-----
Pet Control
Weather Manipulation
Shields
DoT
Calls
-----
Pets:
Pets always take 10% of the exp for each kill a druid makes.  The pets will have to have a defined exp table for each level.   I don't want to save certain pets, just the level of control and 'pet exp' in the gob. 

Pets must be caught each time.  You must go into the Druid Forest and kill a mob down to 5/10 and then 'capture mobname.'  This will dest the mob and clone a DruidPet of that style of pet.

To capture a mob.  You have to use a talisman.  This talisman can only be bought from inside the druid sanctuary.  Every time you capture a pet, you must buy another talisman.  This is done so that druids won't be pet farmers AND so it'll cost cash to buy a pet still.


If you want to then hand the pet off to another person on the mud.  You can have it follow you and then hand it off.  If you wish to use it for yourself you must 'befriend animalname'  That will train it to you and only you and make it much stronger.


If your pet dies.  A druid will go into shock.  He will be frozen (same as yuki onna) for about 5 rounds.  He will also take damage from the pet death.  Ideas:  1/2, 1/3, 1/4th of the pets MaxHP?  Or maybe just an arbitary amt?  Perhaps 10%?  This will be one of the greatest drawbacks of the guild.  I may ask to let the pets participate in PK since this is such a drawback (and you'd be stupid to bring your pet into a match).


Pet types with modifiers?

Wolverine  +1wc  -10% hps
Bear:  +1wc -1ac
Wolf:  +0wc +0ac
Deer:  -1wc +1ac



---
Weather:
Light of the Sun   - Ball of light much like the Knights (wears off)
Light of the Moon  - Ability to see in dark w/out light (wears off)
Winds of Peace     - Calms all in room, failure is possible 
Healing Drizzle    - Heals all in room about random(10)hps
Mists of the Morn  - Nulls out inventory of the room.
---
Shields:  (all wear off)
Chks If player is wearing a shield.  If not it clones the obj to the user and forces 'wear shieldname'.   If player drops or gives or unwears the shield destructs.  Shield destructs over time.   This will be based on a hidden stat in gob.

Shield of Leaves   -  AC 1
Shield of Bark     -  AC 1 return 1
Shield of Thistles -  AC 1 with auto-spells
Shield of Thorns   -  AC 1 with better auto-spells
Shield of Nature   -  AC 2 return 1, heals 1hp every 5 rounds
--
DoT:
All spells have no starting attack damage.  Player must be fighting mob for spell to work.  Sets flag in gob.  If flag is on it does an autoattack each round. Flag does a HB chk to see if Player is still fighting.  If not it turns the flag off.

*Nettle coating: Sprays the mob w/ annoying nettles
Pounding Hail: Small bits of hail seem to hit only the mob
Whirlwind:  Winds whip around the mob
Stinging Swarm: Insects of the forest surround the mob
Tempestual Vengance: Storm errupts around mob, random chance mob can't run.

Poison Thorn: Doesn't need player to be fighting.  Works on mob or other player.  Very small attack but gives mob a poison obj.  Poison cures work to cure it.
----
Calls:
Call of the Protector - Drains your hp and mana into the pet at 1hp1mana-> 1hp
Call of the Faithful - Opens portal to druid forest.  Open for 1 minute
Call of the Dryads - Attack spell with time delay. Power of 'missile' w/ higher mana drain.
Call of the Autumn - Leafs shower down in front of the mob and it lowers 1 WC
Call of the Vines - Vines wrap around the armor of the mob and weaken it.  Lowers 1ac
Call to Mother - The energies of life, the forest, and protective spirits erupt around the mob.  Attack spell with time delay.  Not as strong as sonic w/ higher mana drain.





Thanks to Wocket and Maledicta.
