From Brian.Harel@mail.trincoll.eduTue Dec  5 01:16:50 1995
Date: Tue, 5 Dec 1995 00:24:38 -0500
From: Brian Tal Harel <Brian.Harel@mail.trincoll.edu>
To: Masumi.Nakamura@Mail.Trincoll.Edu
Subject: Demon_Pact


OBJECT
Amulet with a glowing, deep purple stone.

POWERS
auto loading

works in NT rooms

works anywhere on the mud except my guild hall (this refers only to the pk
power;  bion works anywhere)

bion

does a full environment hp scan per 1-3 hb like that of the biometer

cant be pked by a player anywhere except my guild hall
        player defined as one who is animated via a human being and whose
actions are dictated, not by code, but by a human being

emote can be changed any time I choose

can change description any time I choose

can be destroyed only at my request

all powers work for as long as I wish them to work w/o charges or cost to myself
        (ie I can decide that I wish the no pk power to vanish while
keeping the bion power)

cant be dropped or removed

does not cost any spell points

does not alter myrkrn or anything myrkrn may come into contact with except
in the specifically stated ways within this contract
                (ie:  lower attributes, alter ability to wear armor, etc)

does not cost any hit points

does not cost any sacrifice points

pk power linked to bion power

bion power must be on in order for the no pk power to work

emote for non-pk:
Myrkrn turns to look at you.  His eyes are glowing a deep purple.  He
whispers softly but clearly, "I am not your play thing!"
Dark fae erupts from the ground beneath you...  (bolded in dark purple)
and when the fae recedes you find yourself in the void.

emote for bion:
Myrkrn's eyes glaze for a moment and he whispers the word DIE-NU (bolded in
forest green).  Dark fae flares brightly in his eyes and the lights in the
room dim briefly.

SACRIFICE
can't pk anywhere except in his guild

anytime he party's with anyone except Stone or Alita he automatically sets
all the party shares to himself (i.e. he sets the max share he can take
and all others do min share)

the reason for this is that he is a man of many secrets and
a recluse of sorts due to his awesome powers.  the reason that Stone and
Alita can party with him is that  they are his only true friends in which
he is not in competion with nor enemies with.

additional insert- peace spell costs an additional 5 + random(3) sp 
                   only peace spell Myrkrn may do is mesmerize
                
Way the object is coded Myrkrn can theoretically be killed in the first round
of combat, i.e he must be careful.

Signed-  Mythos / Masumi <12/4/95>

      counter signed- Myrkrn / Brian  <12/5/95>
