   Many of you probably don't even remember me, but I have been
   around for a very very long time. I have played muds and coded
   on muds almost since their inception(I think). The basic trend
   I have noticed, both as a wizard and a player is that people
   generally like good character development and homogeneusly
   thematic muds. Nirvana, for as long as I have played here(which was
   after the death of smiley mud, which I doubt anyone but boltar
   and a few others remember), has prided itself on embracing a wide
   variety of themes. Usually midevil swords and sorcery type stuff, 
   with some laser toting marines thrown into the mix, star trek stuff,
   etc... But what Nirvana hasn't done much of is develop a system for
   character development, other than mudkids and some racial stuff.
   
   What I would propose:
      1)Invest in character development, 
         ->Races, develop a number of races with different abilities:
            nightvision,lightemitting,faster or slower healing rates,
            naturally hasted or slowed in combat,light or dark sensitive, etc.
         ->Stats, racial based with extra points to distribute during creation.
            I would suggest stats like: strength, constitution, willpower,
            intelligence, charisma, perception, & luck.
         ->Skills, racial bonus' with points to distribute during creation &
            skill trainers(guild masters maybe?) to train them higher for a 
            fee.
         ->HPs, make them dependent on stats and race, as well as level.
         ->SPs, make them dependent on stats and race, as well as level.
      2)With character development, mud development follows,
         ->Guilds, pretty self explanatory.
         ->Associations. These are mini-guilds. They complement guilds.
            They are usually alignment based and players usually have to
            give up something in order to gain the benefits of joining.
            An example might be that a player could only use magical weapons.
         ->Objects and rooms could be modified to allow for different effects
            based on racial weakness'/strengths and skills such as:
            Can the player swim(skill) or breath underwater?(racial or
            magical object) Can the player fly or do they plummet the ground
            below?(racial or magical object or guild/assoc ability)
         ->Someone had the idea of using an enemy flag for pk's and stuff.
            I like the idea that if a person attacks a town guard, or if
            shopkeepers get added and someone attacks them, that they are
            placed on a bulletin board in town.. a new room maybe.. the
            bounty board maybe. A player could read the board, find a target,
            pk that person, and bring their corpse to the bounty hunter for
            a prize. The targets name would then come off of the bounty board.
            It could be an association or guild, not too unlike the assassins
            guild that Deathmonger coded and I took over.. again a very long
            time ago. You could also have permanent players on the bounty
            board for serious offenses.. such as killing a newbie or something
            like that.

