Greetings, the following is a detailed look into the life and future of the
Doppleganger's guild as presented by Grimm.  
 
 
Doppleganger's History-
        The Doppleganger's guild first began on TopMUD in 1989.  It first 
opened as "The Vampire's Guild" (which should explain the bats and fangs).
It started with a very small amount of commands, which included:  fang,
change, check_al, set_morph, and guild_news.  When the guild was ported
over to Nirvana, just in time to see TopMUD close it's doors for good,
it changed into the Doppleganger's guild (since there was already a vampire's
guild).  Why the name Doppleganger's Guild?  The name was chosen due to the
change command.  A Doppleganger is a lyncanthrope--a shape shifter--and can
do pretty much whatever he/she wants.  The Doppleganger's live in highly
structured groups and proper freely, just as the guild does.  Upon realizing
that the 5 commands from the Vampire's Guild would never cut it with the
competition of the other 7 guilds that were open at the time (Vampire's,
Alchemists, Assassins, Thieves, Necromancers, Masons, and Clerics).  I gathered
a couple friends and as a group, racked our brains for ideas on spells for
several weeks.  The result was a 5 level guild that opened on June 26, 1992.
The guild had a total of 30 commands, including very unique ones such as
the gate and the guild lockers.  As a group, we decided that the major 
emphasis on the guild would be the members.  We added a guild chat line,
and pushed from day 1 the idea of the guild acting as a unit.  To date, this
is still one the guild guild's strong points.  After announcing the opening,
the guild was flooded by new people, most of which could automatically jump to 
guild level 5 by depositing the required 50,000 coins needed.  Soon after
opening, the idea of Guild Commander's was thought up and 3 were selected to be
guild level 10.  Two weeks after opening, the guilders were itching for more
guild levels and spells.  Another 5 guild levels were opened and the advancment
in the guild was changed from a coin base to an experience swaping base.
The guilders again thrived on their pets, jump, summon, directs, etc.
As the guild grew, so did the number of Guild Commanders.  Currently there
are 10 Guild Commanders, 2 Guild Seniors, Several Guild Wizards, 1 Guild
Master (Janitor, etc ;), and roughly 350 Guilders.  The Doppleganger's guild
has no doubt become THE most popular guild online.
 
Forseeable Problems-
        As everybody knows, if you use something all the time, you will soon
get tired of it.  The major problem I've run into with the guild, and have
been asked pretty much on a daily basis by the guilders, is: Where is the guild
heading in the future?  Why not add more guild levels?  Why not just add more
guild commands?  The answer to these have been plagueing me for months.  Where
I would like the guild to head in the future is, of course, up.  I would always
like to see more people online, more people being recruited, and more helping
players when they need it.  To do this we have to first address the other 
questions.  Why not add more guild levels and commands?  This is pretty much
what will need to be done.  But, what happens in another 6 months when those
commands get old and outdated?  Add more?  No.  After struggling with this
for a while, I finally found a solution that will REALLY rock the mud!
 
Solutions(!)-
        The solution I finally came up with will allow people in the guild to
expand themselves, it will allow guild wizards to contribute to the guild in
major ways, and will allow the guild to NEVER get stagnant again.  The idea is
Guild Factions.  What's that?  A guild faction is pretty much a guild WITHIN
the guild.  The idea is that a guild wizard can code up a semi-guild (most of
the basis for guilds can be drawn from the current one) and can assume the
role of guild master for his/her faction.  The factions will start at guild
level 10 and go to guild level 19 (this can always be upgraded).  The guild
commanders will be given guild level 20 (again, it can be upgraded).  And once
a player in the guild reaches guild level 9, and is ready for 10, they can
join the faction of their choice, AND REMAIN IN THE DOPPLEGANGER'S GUILD.
There are currently 6 guild factions in the works, Dopple-Mystics,
Dopple-Ninjas, Dopple-Barbarians, Dopple-Chronomancers, Dopple-Stooges, and
Dopple-Xmen.  (NOTE: >ANY< guild wiz is allowed to open as many guild factions
as they like as long as it is approved by me, and is seperate from the others.
Any guild wiz that might be interested should see Grimm for instructions)
Another addition is: once a person maxes on in one of the factions, they can
join another and raise from there.  So, as you can see, there are MAJOR 
additions to the guild on the way.  :)
 
                               Grimm
 
