              Servants of Shardak - Hierarchy - Earwax 7/03


The Hierarchy is comprised of a number of ranks, and a rigid chain of 
command.  If you're not on the Hierarchy, everyone on it ranks above you,
and you follow their commands.  If you are on it, those above you are your
leaders, and you follow their commands.  

Issue resolvement: The player leaders are the Law Enforcers, Warlord,
Magistrate, and Master.  You follow that chain of command.  If you have an
issue with something done by one, you take it to either someone else of that
level (obey all commands FIRST however), or the next level above them.  If
it's something major, you can always take it to a Magus.  The active Magi
running the guild will be Earwax, Linus, and Mosobp.  Earwax is the head
Magus, or wizard, of the guild, and if he can't resolve the issue, he'll
bring it, or advise you to bring it to another wizard.  Other than that, 
guild issues do NOT go outside the guild.  Penalty for this is execution to
level 1 and removal from the guild.  

The Hierarchy:

Magus: Guild wizards.  These are the individuals who do the code to make
the guild run, and who make all final policy decisions for the guild, and
are also the ones who catch shit from Boltar and the other powers that be
when shit goes bad.  

Master: The head player leader.  He's picked by the Head Magus, for his
voracity at PK, rage, hatred, spread of hatred, and just general nastiness.
He is an experienced Shard, and exhibits all traits of the perfect Shard.
Fear this motherfucker.

Magistrate: Master's Right Hand.  He's second in command.

Warlord: Basically, he runs the PK for the guild.  PK efforts go under him,
the Law Enforcers report directly to him, and he runs the day to day of the
guild.  The Magistrate, Warlord, and Master are all appointed by the Magi,
so their word is very nearly that of a Magi.

Law Enforcers: These are heinous, nasty, brutal motherfuckers.  They have
proven themselves to be hardcore pkers, pet killers, kill and corpse 
stealers, that play within the rules, and are nastier because of it.  They
also are in charge of making sure other Shards follow the rules, and act as
Shards at all times.  They do have the execute power, obey them.

Berzerkers: What all Shards should strive to become, if not a player leader.
These are established Shards, who PK with great joy, and demonstrate all
Shardak finer qualities.  They are not truly part of the hierarchy, but they
should be obeyed, as they have proven themselves to be worthy of respect.
