          Servants of Shardak - Rules2 - Written by Earwax 7/03


The rules of Nirvana are to be obeyed at all times.  This includes, but isn't limited to the following.

-Multiplaying.  It's wrong, don't do it.  

-Newbies.  (Levels 1-9)
 Killing, stealing corpses, items, kills from newbies, luring them to pk 
 areas and casting inferno/terror, anything that fucks with a newbie is what
 you don't do.  Period.  You don't have to be nice to them, but you don't
 fuck with them at all.  This isn't debatable, and don't push me on this.

-Out of character bullshit.
 No public mention of anything to do with anything out of character.  No
 mention of alts, out of char information, or information you got about a
 guild as that guild.  Anything out of character, you don't fucking do.  You
 can talk with friends in private tells, but nothing out of character gets
 mentioned in says, on any nirvana channel, or on the shardak channel.  If
 you think you can bend my rules here, don't even try.  I'll execute your
 ass to level 1 on the first offense.  No warnings are given on this.

-Harrassment.
 Don't do it.  If someone tellblocks you, don't use the misty cloak or 
 anything else to get around it.  Don't fuck with people that way, respect
 them.  Don't keep yammering at them on public channels, don't get personal,
 this is a fucking game.  Don't steal 50 kills from a level 12 in a fucking
 reboot, steal no more than 1 in 5 to 1 in 7, if you get asked to lighten
 up, do so.  Period.  

-Abuse of bugs.
 If you do it, you'll pay the consequences.  Not only won't I cover for you,
 but I'll be reporting you.  I'll execute your flap ass down to level 1,
 remove you from the guild, and then mail the powers that be.  Shards can't
 afford to have the stigma attached to them that they used to have.

-Anything else wrong.
 If I missed it, that doesn't mean you can do it.  If it's something wrong,
 simply don't fucking do it.  I will not give the benefit of the doubt, and
 neither will the player leadership.  They will be held accountable if they
 don't take appropriate action on learning of things, so they will make sure
 to execute/freeze first, rather than to have that shit done to them.  Shard
 leadership is not a cake position.
