         Servants of Shardak - Theme - Written by Earwax 7/03


The Servants of Shardak (mainly known as 'Shards') are followers of an evil
God, Shardak.  Shardak was one of his god's favored angels, until Shardak
took exception to the favored treatment of the people (humans and such) of
the realm.  Shardak believed they weren't worthy of such treatment, and 
began to fight against his god.  He slew many other angels and grew in power
to approach that of his god, until finally he was cast down, cursed to the
form of a half-dragon/half-angel God.

The god, exiled to the material planes of Nirvana, grew even more in
strength, and went on with his attacks against mortals.  His quest for
genocide ended only after a great order of heroes eventually managed to seal
him within the Shardak Caves, through vast valor and use of magic.

By 2032, however, the magical seals on the caves began to weaken enough so 
that Shardak could begin to call out to the mortals nearby.  Through use of 
his godly will, he began to corrupt these mortals, filling their souls with 
evil, and feeding off their malice.  As much as he despised these mortals, 
he recognized that he needed them to continue his war against the people of 
Nirvana, and against his god, as he still couldn't leave the caverns yet.

Shardak began to form his group of disciples into an army.  He appointed a
leader for them, the 'Master' to provide leadership outside of his own
area of influence, and gave them increasingly greater powers.  These powers,
appropriate for a being know referred to as 'The Dragon God,' made their
practictioners mighty in combat.  Other mortals, seeing the great power
wielded by the hated Servants of Shardak, sought out the caves in hopes
that they, too, might wield that kind of power, never realizing the cost
would be their souls and complete servitude to the fallen angel.

Now, they are a small, elite, army of mortals devoted to causing as much
pain and strife to all other mortals as possible.  They are forced to
continue Shardak's aim of complete genocide and extermination of the mortal
races, and to freeing Shardak from his prison.  The members they recruit
are required to prove themselves worthy of wielding the vast power of the
Dragon God, for they value skill at arms and the spread of hate and fear
more than they value sheer numbers.
