Revealations of Destiny  by Lamerith of the Bloodied Hand

Preface: 
I write to you dear reader, you who are the inheriters of our twisted
dreams and desires, with a hand held steady by will alone and with a head and
heart filled with, yes, fear.  I, who created an order that not only conquered
fear, but feeds on fear itself, am left shuddering and shaking with a terror
that grips deep within the soul.  Before I must recant my tale understand this,
do not take any of this lightly for the consenquences are high, and heed this
above all: We were wrong. 

									- Lamerith of the Bloodied Hand

On the night of the Darkest Day of our Order a vision fell upon me, nay, not a
vision, but a mystic sense of the Beyond.  It smashed through my consciousness
as I feasted upon the Hunt, it smothered me and felled me where I stood. My
brethren tell me that they had seen me fall, but when they rushed to the place
where I had fallen, they found nothing, that I had vanished.  Perhaps in truth I
had vanished from the basic plane of existance, for all that I know is that when
I had aroused from a deep dark slumber, a sleep filled with rivers of blood, I
found myself standing upon a ridge overlooking the world.  From my vantage
nothing could not be seen, for if I wished to view something, my will alone
would let me view it.  I reveled in the power that I had and suddenly I knew
that I had more.  Light did not hurt me nor did I feel the pangs of the Hunger. 
Fire was at my command as well as ice.  I knew that Death could no longer touch
me- I had Ascended. After much time of wonder and glory, a footfall sounded from
behind.  Turning I saw HIM.  HE in HIS glory and power.  I felt as I always did
before HIM- like that of a child.  HIS blazing dark eyes graced me and I was
struck down.  Knowledge and Despair filled me- I was insignificant next to HIM,
that my journey had just begun and that all before was just a preview. HE held
me by HIS power, lifted me above the ground.  Terror filled me, that feeling
that I had assumed would no longer overcome me, only for me to find that I was
still nothing... nothing next to HIM.  Rage and despair lurked within as well. I
wished to strike out at HIM, to change HIS expression of contempt into anything
but that.  But I knew, there was nothing I could do.  And then HE spoke:
 
      "I see Lamerith, you have not changed.  Seems"
      "that growth is something you have yet to"
      "achieve.  Yet, what is one to expect of one"
      "who does not SEE?  Life and Death thrash at"
      "at you, blinding you from power and path."
      "Here's a secret for you- Horlach was closer"
      "to the truth at his prime than any of you."
      "Yet, even he is lost. Pity the loss...."

I cringed at HIS words for they were the TRUTH.  All that I or the Order had
achieved was petty.  I knew it then, I knew what it was that We had missed- that
simple foundation to which We had blinded ourselves from, and it shattered me.
HE continued:
   
      "But I have not summoned you to see what"
      "you have become.  Information is what I"
      "will gift.  What you do with it is what"
      "you will."

HIS eyes glittered and I trembled.  Suddenly, before US
three figures appeared.  A beautiful young maiden- rich black hair cascading
down her back, a mature lady- high and pompous, and an old crone- back bent and
an evil look in her single eye.  All three were intently viewing a large
tapestry.

      "Behold!  The Three Crones of Destiny and"
      "the Tapestry that chains them.  It is their"
      "eternal life's work and their single purpose."
      "Day and night they toil weaving, spinning,"
      "and cutting the threads of life.
