
>> LONG DESCRIPTIONS OF OBJECTS

This includes rooms, monsters, and everything in general that uses long().

  I realize some of you hate doing descriptions for things. I also realize
that not all of you here play from the US and have scored an 800 
composite on the SAT. However, a high standard for object description
should be maintained, because looks are everything!

  You may be surprised how much better your stuff will look if you
sink a bit more extra effort and time into your descriptions. If there
is ANYTHING that I truly give a damn about, this is it. I don't care
what the object in mind does, or how many items are in a room, but
as long as the description is well thought out, and conveys a certain
feeling- it's good.

  Of the conventional style of castles, Saber's is among the best.
Wander around his place and you will see what I mean. His design
philosophy was that of 'style over substance', and it works
exceptionally well.

A crappy describe looks like this:
----------------------------------

->> i
Joebob's quicktyper.
A nasty looking sword.
->> look at sword

This is a pretty nasty looking sword.
You could probably kick some ass with this!
->>


Boring, is'nt it?
This is a much better version- see what the simple change of the long
describe can do...

----------------------------------

->> i
Joebob's quicktyper.
A nasty looking sword.
->> look at sword

This sword must have belonged to an serial killer or something. It has a
wicked-looking serrated edge that seems like it could tear right through
flesh and splinter bone with one well-placed blow.
->>

Nothing fancy, it's still 2 sentences, but it conveys a better personality
than the previous, generic version.


ETC.

1) Be creative. long() is a function called upon when a player looks at
   the item. You dont have to stick only a write() function in there..
   e.g. Medusa's head- you can 'freeze' a player if he looks at it,
        A squirting rose- tells the whole room (using say()) that the
        player is now soaking wet, etc.

2) It's not the length of the describe that matters- but what do YOU
   think of when you look at the item? If the item is a sword and you
   think of a baseball bat when you look at it... something is wrong.

3) Native english speakers should help those who are'nt.
   USE the 'bug' and 'typo' commands! They're not just for players!
   Do other wizzes a favor- report these things, because players
   tend not to, believing that nothing will be done about it.

