I've tried to remember the spells, but I wasn't very successful.  Sado and Basti
on have 'Alchemist Guilds'
somewhat like Sweetnesses, but Bastion's looks quite a bit different.  Sado's ad
ded on the 'brew' power, and I think the 'haste'
power.  
From what I can remember, here's what we could do:
Typical base commands: guild channel, etc.
Echo: Replicated the wizards' echo command, which got us into trouble.
Teleport: Teleport to the guild and a teleport to other players.
Spark: Low-level replacement for the mud spell.
Lightning: The most powerful single target spell.
Cloudkill:  Very powerful spell that attacked every creature in the room.  The N
ecromancer
spell 'Ghastly Stench' is a current version.
I think we had some fire-based spell that was between spark and lightning in pow
er, but I'm not positive.
A couple of historical notes related to the guild...
We used the base mud spells in many situations.  Back in those old days *pulls u
p rocking chair*, guild spells were not
on the heartbeat so we could cast all our sp in a round.  The tradeoff was that 
guild spells weren't as strong, spell vs.
spell, as the base mud spells.  It was around the time the Alchemist Guild was c
reated that extra levels, and the new
extra level spell 'sonic', were introduced, so coding for guilds was
really in flux.  Sweetness introduced the guild September/October of 1992, and i
t was closed in November 1992; obviously,
not a great deal of time to allow the guild to change and grow.  

Ack!  Just remembered 2 other spells we might've had...
Something to make a weapon (not a very good one either, but better than the begg
ar's knife).
Something to improve armor.
When he first introduced the guild, he used different types of components a play
er

When Sweetness first introduced the guild, he required players to have certain c
omponents in their inventory for the spells
to work.  We had to purchase them each time we logged in; he didn't like that sy
stem and chucked it in favor of a level-based advancement corresponding to our
player level.
That's all I can remember, wish I could be of more help.
