Armor review -
The /doc/build/RULES/armornote and armors documents cover the rules regarding
armor, e.g. no armor greater than ac5, see ac5 armors once per month, ac2
armors should be very rare, etc. As I read these rules again, I noticed how
meaningless they had become. Wizzes don't spend a lot of time making armor
these days and for fairly good reason: high ac armor is pretty near worthless
unless you are a dark mage in search of sacrifice. There are a few monsters
with ac5 armor - red dragon for example - but people have no desire to kill
for this as it is heavy and gives absolutely no advantage. Mostly, people kill
little monsters for little armor pieces or just buy a set for 800-2000 coins.
The price paid for 'good', rare, high ac armor is just too high - risk of
death, use of many heals, etc. - for any person not just bored to want
to get it. Even if they did get it, the person who bought armor or killed
little monsters would have the same armor class.
It doesn't make much sense, but this is due to the armor class cap.

In the days before approval of weapons and armor was really required, weapons
and armor were ridiculous. Players could get weapons with returns of 30 or more
and an armor class of 15+ fairly easily. Thus the caps were instituted. They
were called-for and appropriate at the time. Since then, restrictions on
approval and more detailed rules have eliminated nearly all
of the cheats. The damage cap in hit_player was removed for this reason.
I propose the armor class cap be removed as well. Why? For the following
reasons:
1) As mentioned above, cheat armors are non-existant and if found are rapidly
   removed.
2) Several guilds restrict armor use or have special guild armor. Guilds that
   allow normal armor and non-guilded players should be able to, with hard
   work, have better armor than guilds which don't allow armor.
3) My most compelling reason: game enjoyment. If players can benefit from
   gaining good armor, they will explore and fight more and different monsters
   to get it. Red dragon armor will be a treasured item since it is so hard to
   get and it gives a very rare ac5. Players will search for good armor like
   they do for good weapons and they will be rewarded for risking death.

If the cap remains, armor will retain its status as a
meaningless accessory where everything is pretty much equal. Players will
very very rarely fight monsters that give good armor and they definitely
won't go out of their way to get it. I see armor as an exciting part of the
game - a direct counterpart to weapons. Unfortunately, with the armor cap it
cannot be so.
