After talking with Mythos about the armor issue, we have come up with a
method that could be used to keep the same armor class cap (as damage-
reduction is not the issue, rather variety of armor, fun, and playing
the game) in effectiveness, but have a much wider variety of armor
qualities. This document will explain the idea in three parts:
1. Explanation    2. Effect     3. Implementation

1) Explanation:
   Give 'armor' type armor a range of classes from 2 to 8. Give other
   types a range from 1 to 4. Max armor class would thus be 32, given
   the best armors in the game. The current subtraction of random ac
   would be changed to random ac/3. Given rounding down, the reduction
   in damage for maximimum ac would be random(32/3) - random(10), or 0-9.
   These numbers can be altered (1-5 perhaps, different divisor, etc.)
   but this is the basic concept.

2) Effect:
   Right now, there is no range in armor. Slippers can be ac1 while
   steel boots can be ac2 (with approval). With a cap of 9 and 7 armor
   types, 6 store-bought or low-value armors of class 1, along with a
   decent (not rare or expensive) 'armor' type armor will give the max
   effective armor class. Players know this and do not bother looking
   for or storing 'good' armor. With this change, there would be a range
   of effectiveness for each type of armor - leather gloves could be more
   effective in defense than silk gloves (while steel gauntlets would be
   more effective still). To get the maximum armor class, several rare
   and good armor pieces would be needed. Players could still buy a full
   set of clothing-type armor (blue jeans, tee shirt, baseball cap, etc)
   but they would not have very effective armor (as it should be).

3) Implementation:
   This is the largest difficulty. There are many armor files in many
   directories. The good thing is that I believe many of these files
   can stay the same. There are a lot of clothing-type armors of ac1
   that should be ac1. The rare and hard-to-obtain armor is just that-
   rare. Saber has a lot of armor; mythos, scathe, and snow have a fair
   number of valuable armor pieces; Feldegast and Pain have armor shops.
   The most popular armor pieces I, Mythos, or any senior wiz with the
   time could change in a day. I would allow wizzes to modify thier own
   already-approved armor in the following manner - any armor not type
   'armor' can be 1 or 2 (approval for above), type 'armor' needs
   approval to go above 4. Changes should be logged in an 'ARMOR_CHANGE'
   log file (with file name, old ac, new ac). Armor needing approval
   will follow the same system as current.
   It will take a lot of work. Another senior responsible purely for
   armor and weapons would be great to have for this project. I am
   willing to make an effort in any case and I think it will make the
   mud a more interesting and fun place in the end.  -Snow
