After extensive research through the guild objects of Cybers/Snow
Polymorph/Mizan, Bard/Saber, Vampire/Nooneelse, and Dark Mage/Mythos
I have come to some observations and conclusions on direct damage spells.
1) The rules are interpreted in 3 different manners:
  1a. DAMAGE = random(COST * 2)
      - Saber and Mizan
      Though Mizan thought this was not right, he went with this
      formula to let the polys compete - or so it says in his code
      comments.
  1b. COST = 1 * DAMAGE(random) + 2 * DAMAGE
      - Nooneelse and Snow
      Actually Boltar made changes on Nooneelse's code to make it
      conform to this formula. Snow saw this formula as inefficient
      and changed guild attack spells to spell_object (following
      COST = 1/2 * DAMAGE(random) + 1 * DAMAGE)
  1c. No formula and using heal_self damage
      - Mythos and Snow
      Take /players/mythos/closed/guild/spells/flare.h and
           /players/dune/closed/guild/lib/eflux.h as examples:
      Flare does heal_self damage of 20+random(60) for a
      cost of 30 sp, 50 sacrifice points (neglible), and addition
      of 2-5 to the monster's weapon class.
      Eflux does heal_self damage of:
      random() with a cap of 50.
      The average damage for max guild level 10 is 12 with a max of
      48 damage possible after the three randomizations (not likely)
      cost = random(guild_level * random(4) + random(20)) + 10
      An average cost of 22 at guild level 10. In addition, there
      is a failure chance of 5-15% and failure leads to a loss of
      random(20) spell points and a chance to take
      random(guild_level) + 1 hit_player damage. In addition to this,
      fluxes must be charged at a rate of 10sp per charge with a max
      of 6 charges at guild level 10.
 
2) Some clarification and notification/enforcement should be made on
   points 1a and 1b. According to docs, 1b is correct. Truth be told,
   1b is not cost-effective vs. monsters and guild spells following
   this formula are much worse than mud spells.
 
3) I suggest modifying the direct damage docs in the following manner:
  3a. Clarify these rules to cover hit_player damage only (more about this
      in point 4).
  3b. Make all guild attack spells static - the point being that
      players should only be able to cast one attack spell of any type per
      heartbeat. Guild wizzes should not try to code around static but
      should adhere to the meaning of this restriction...
      "ONE ATTACK SPELL PER HEARTBEAT"
  3c. With these restrictions, guild spells should have an opportunity
      to be as effective as mud spells in combat. To comply with this
      goal, I suggest direct damage hit_player guild spells should
      follow the spell_object cost formula:
      COST = 1/2 DAMAGE(random) + DAMAGE .
 
4) Some sort of formula should be created to deal with heal_self
   damage. It is far superior to hit_player and the cost should reflect
   this. I suggest COST = 1.5 * DAMAGE(random) + 3 * DAMAGE . Attack
   spells using heal_self are, of course, attack spells and should also
   be static.
 
5) At one point in time there was a damage cap on spells. If there is
   such a cap still in existance, it should be defined to include
   heal_self damage. 
 
6) With all these regulations (except the static) there are neccessary
   thematic exceptions. A mage-type guild, with drawbacks such as armor
   and weapon restrictions and stamina reduction, should get a cost
   advantage in spellcasting (unless, of course, they get more spell
   points- see point 7).
 
7) In order to justify added power, there must be some drawbacks to
   being in a guild. Right now (7/2/97) it seems that many guilds have
   advantages that counteract their drawbacks or have no significant
   drawbacks whatsoever. For example:
     Bards - Advantages: extra weapon damage, attack spells following
       formula 1a, good pets, 'knowledge' spells, enemy ac/wc reduction
       spells. Disadvantages: must be good alignment, can't pk, when pets
       die the owner is hurt, must complete guild tasks to gain abilities.
     Review - most monsters are evil so remaining good alignment is very
     easy. Pk is rare on Nirvana and not being pk is never a disadvantage.
     Pet advantage is justified by owner hurt disadvantage. Guild tasks are
     fairly easy; though they require thought, they provide very little
     risk or cost to the player.
     Conclusion - Bard guild has far too few drawbacks for the power it
     bestows on its members. It should not have extra offensive power
     through Paladin skill bonuses and great damage spells since there
     is no risk or cost involved in gaining these powers. The Bard pets are
     justified, as are Bard knowledge spells. The ac/wc reduction spells
     are thematically feasible, though perhaps at a greater cost.
   An example of counteracting advantage/disadvantage/advantage, as
   mentioned in point 6, would be that of a mage guild that had an
   improved cost/damage ratio due to theme (advantage), lower stamina
   (disadvantage), and added spell points to balance the lower stamina...
   (advantage). Of course it all depends on the relative levels of
   advantage and disadvantage in each case. If the mage guild threw in
   significant armor/weapon restrictions, it might be balanced.
 
8) Guild wizzes should make list of advantages and disadvantages to 
   their respective guilds, trying to be as accurate and detailed as
   possible. Then they should look at and think about the result. After
   that, guild wizzes should try to balance their guilds and perhaps cut
   a few market-driven and wildly unthematic abilities. Also, there are
   many loopholes in the rules. Most of the time, the intent of the rule
   is clear and wizzes try to get by this intent on a technicality. Why?
   To be popular with players and the wizlist or to show what great
   coding is all about... The guideline should be: follow the intent of
   the rule. If there is a technical question about the docs, ask Boltar.
   If you want to make a great new ability (that was probably outlawed years
   ago), make sure it's approved by at least a senior wiz. If you think 
   that Boltar wouldn't approve, ask him or don't make it.
 
9) My final point is this: diversity makes guilds interesting. Right now,
   nearly all the guilds have identical abilities with different emotes.
   Why is this? Because players want every ability in every guild they
   have ever been in or heard of. Remember that players have seconds,
   thirds, etc. in other guilds and that most of their suggestions are
   merely rip-off ideas.
   If wizzes cater to player whining and install every 'new'/needed idea,
   this leads directly to strictly power efficiency competition - all
   the guilds are the same, so players go to the one that has the most
   bang for the buck. The guilds drift away from theme and the players
   kill things until they get bored. If, however, guilds have different
   powers from one another (along with drawbacks), players will see
   advantages and disadvantages to each guild and will join the one that
   they would most like to be in - likely depending on theme.
   This idea also applies to items that give guild-like powers. If players
   can simply buy items that will allow them to overcome guild drawbacks
   or guild theme, the guild system is again thrown out of whack. To
   avoid this, I propose taking the following sorts of items out of
   easy circulation (i.e. making them unique on a dangerous monster and
   not selling them): alignment adjusting items (evil/good), peace items,
   hp/sp transfer items, speedster items, and items that give information
   about players/monsters/items. Thus, guilds will again be valuable even
   without huge damage capabilities - the Bards could identify items and
   cast peace whereas hopefully other guilds could not (and could not buy
   the ability).
