  This is the Archwizard Quest.
Player seeks out Glarvinthal the Archwizard.
Player asks Glarvinthal about the quest.
Glarvinthal tells player that 3 swords must be given to the
  smith of darkness.
  Further info about the swords is given if requested.
Player searches for the three weapons.
  They are found on a cave on the mountain, the fortress on
  the mountain, and the catacombs of the shadow realm.
Player must then find the smith of darkness.
  He is found in a hole in chaos realm.
Player asks smith to forge the weapon.
  Smith asks for a price. Player must give a glowing dagger
  to the smith.
  When glowing sword (and rest of swords) is given to the 
  smith and the player asks to forge, the smith creates
  Wyrmslayer (and destructs the other weapons).
Player must then go kill Icingdeath.
  This is tough. The Wyrmslayer will help in the battle though.
  Should have a large party to help as well.
Player kills Icingdeath.
  There is an orb on Icingdeath that can be placed on the hilt
  of Wyrmslayer. When this is done, the player may now enter
  the final stage of the quest.
Player must go to chaos realm again and climb vines in the 
  jungle room (this was another part of the quest hinted at by
  Glarvinthal) to get above the trees.
Player will be in a room with no exits and no teleportation with
  shields on. In a little while, a DragonLord will appear.
Player must talk to DragonLord and ask what it is waiting for or
  what it wants.
Player then drops wyrmslayer and asks the DragonLord to destroy
  it.
  Dragonlord destroys the sword and teleports player out.
Quest is complete.

This may seem somewhat simple but each of the swords is exceedingly
difficult to obtain. Travel in the shadow realm and chaos realm is
very difficult with aggressive monsters. Chaos and shadow realm also
do not have directions so movement is random. Even with complete
knowledge of the quest, players must spend lots of time looking to
find anything. Most of my realms will have to be thoroughly explored
and my most difficult monsters fought.
