

This is an information file for the Bardic Guild, version 1.0

The bardic guild is a guild for players that do not want to pk.
The guild is for players who are more interested in social functions
than in combat.  Bards cannot kill players, even in player killing areas.

Bards advance in levels by doing 'Bard Quests'.  There is a minimum level
required to do each bard task.  

    Level    Bard Level
      1          1     Apprentice
      2          2     Lyrist
      5          3     Journeyman
      8          4     Minstrel
      10         5     Troubadour
      12         6     Bard
      14         7     Guardian of Secrets
      16         8     Master of Riddles
      18         9     Master Bard
                10     Song Master   (prestige title, no addition powers)
                11     Keeper of Lore  (Guild Commander)

Bard trials make the players use their wits and problem solving
abilities instead of simply donating xp.  The theory is that trials
are more in the bardic tradition than xp donation. (less killing, more int)

Bardic abilies can be divided into a few basic areas:

Instrumental Abilities:
  These abilities deal with communications (bards have a lot of this),
technical stuff (like hp monitors) and traditional abilities (such as
blessing people, charming animals with music, ect.)  Bardic Pets fall
into this catagory.  See the help file in /pet, as bardic pets differ
from the 'normal' type of pet.

Bard Lore:
  Perhaps the strongest ability of the Bards is their 'Lore' abilities.
Bards are designed around obtaining and presenting information.  Thus,
they have a LOT of divination abilities.

Shaping:
  Bards have two types of shaping - that of Music and of Chaos.
Musical shaping involves 'spell' like effects delivered through music.
All shaping music can be divided into either healing, illusion or
evocation.  All abilities are from tradition or myth.
Chaos shaping is a completly new ability.  It deals with the bards
ability to shape chaos to a more desired reality.  With their music,
a bard may create small items from the actual faberic of chaos.
  NOTE - THIS IS ALL SPECIAL EFFECT.  This ability can only create
'junk' items.  No weapons, no armor, ect.

Cantrips:
  This only true 'magic' bards can cast are cantrips.  These are trivial
little abilities which may liven up the atmosphere.

Bards also have new emotions, the ability to sing full songs
(in real time!), traditions and games.

Combat stuff

  Bards have 2 direct combat spells:
    Words of Pain  (10 sp, d20 damage)
    Tunes of Elemental Power  (25 sp, d50 damage)

 Bards have 2 'other' evocation spells:
    Psalm of the Chromatic Sphere  (100 sp, creates a globe with 4 chages,
                                    each charge does d20 damage)
    Requiem of the Falling Stars   (area effect spell, material component of
                                    a gem.  It costs a min of 50 sp.  It will
                                    do d40 damage to each monster in the room
                                   (not kids/pets), charging an additional 15
                                   sp for each creature if there are more than
                                    3.  This slightly reduced cost is because
                                    there must me 4 monsters to make it 
                                    effective, and becuase it makes them ALL
                                    attack the bard.  c.f. material component)

 Bards have other spells that can effect creatures:
  Healing:
    Chant of Healing             (15 sp, 11 hp healed)(can be used on a player/
                                  monster other than the caster)
    Hymn of Healing              (50 sp, 41 hp healed.)(caster only)
    Chord of Agony               (20 sp, stops a monster(not player/pet/kid) 
                                  from healing at the normal rate)
    Rhapsody of Regeneration     (100 sp, bard regenerates faster until healed)

  Illusion:
    Note of Cloaking               (10 sp, stops the hunter)
    Chords of Distortion            (20 sp, lowers the bards ac by 2(temp))
    Harpers Song of Spectral Binding (35sp, lowers the wc/ac of a creature by
                                      0-2 each, maxes out.)

  Lore:
    The bards specality.  A lot of 'detects' and such.
    True Name                    (lvl 9, 100sp, 
                                  d40 damage, lowers the ac/wc of the target
                                  by 0-2 each, stops healing.  May only be
                                  used on the creature once.

Note the heavy use of special effect throughout all of the abilities.  This
is intentional.

A player must be recruited into the bardic guild by a guild master.

Note that the bards have no weapons which progress with level (c.f. monks),
do not specialize in weapons (c.f. palidans), and do not
have pk oriented abilities (c.f shadows & undead).  This is intentional.
Hopefully this guild will round out the atmosphere, providing a home for the
lost combative players.  (c.f. mini guilds)

                                                 -- Saber
