high end shield spell
shadowweave illusion
dest wizard
speak clear history

i'd like to see a high end spell that gives the player unlimited sps for a certain amount of hbs.  maybe 10-15.  would need to have a high endurance cost, which would make it hard to use in combat.  would need some work.

want to see another high end attack spell.  maybe not high damage hit_player() like i originally wanted, but perhaps a spell that has more adverse affects.  weakening monsters in the room, maybe increasing endurance if cast multiple times.  almost want an area effect spell, but those tend to be too weak to be practical.

would kinda like to see some sort of sanctuary spell that is different from that other one, forget the name.  make an obj in the room, lasts maybe 10 hbs unless strengthened.  could increase endurance and sps regen (maybe) while at the same time damaging other fallen in the room and draining endurance.  two in the room would negate each other.  could also add combat bonuses if present while fighting, although the upkeep cost would have to be high enough to make this fairly impractical.

i would almost like to see other ways to additionally empower a weapon.  maybe they could embue an empowered wep with a certain choice of stone component, that would add all new messages as well as new effects.  fire could add lasting fire emotes and some small damage.  cold could prevent wimpy, add some small emotes and maybe do dmg.  poison could just do longer lasting damage on a call_out.  maybe a light one, that would add endurance bonuses (if this is even necessary anymore), and a darkness one that d
drains sps i think is what i wrote.

a spell that lets you temporarily enhance your wc would work very nicely, and that could be done with both focus or a weapon.  would be a nice alternative to the other combat spells.  could be like fury, or unleash,  something along those lines.

change the speedster so that it moves an npc the desired directions first, then moves the player to the location of the npc, and destroys the npc.  would change the movement message to something like, "A shadow drifts east" rather than the players name.

should add more spell messages to the pet, combat related, and maybe msgs if it's weakened.  maybe some additional healing bonuses or something.  and damage from darkness would be cool too.

cobain suggestion.  if you are fighting a monster and being attacked by a pk'er then you can redirect the pk'ers attack onto the npc.  success based upon health of monster, effect based on success.  i could just stand there as they fight, i could still fight monster, i could fight player, i could fight monster or it could not work at all.
also, it has a lowered chance on working on numerous players, but can unlimited if you're lucky


if sp went from max to 0 and could only peak at 50 for a
period of time..what could u do for increasing attack
strength to a wielded wep

decrepify / wither - ~800 coin component.  shadow target npc.  either as long as npc is weakened or while it is weakened, blast/missle dmg is doubled, sp cost is doubled.  end?
deteriorate / decay

Matrix tells you: but what if we could cloak something in shadows, and it
stored over a reboot, just one thing at a time, and it was
with us at all times

add name of spell that failed to spell failure
