Something I found and saved a copy of a while back...

From Scientific American December 7, 1895 Page 354.
Under the heading "The Chicago Times-Herald Motor Race"

Note, motocycle is the term used for the Duryea,
Benz, and other autos in the race. motocycle=automobile.

  "Undoubtedly the motocycle has come to stay. For private
use, as compared with the horse carriage, it has many
points in its favor. The space required for stabling would
be merely that occupied by its own bulk; and its running
expenses would be limited to the fuel consumed and such
repairs as might occasionally be required.
   We think that this new means of transportation is 
destind to play an important part in the question of
city traffic. In the main thoroughfares of the larger
cities traffic is badly congested. The adoption of the 
motocycle will largely relieve this, for the reason that
it occupies only about one-half the space of the 
horse carriage; moreover, it turns in a much smaller 
circle, and is in every way more flexible in a 
crowded thoroughfare.
   The metaphorical allusion to a flow of water in speaking
of city traffic is well chosen. The "stream of traffic"
is subject to the same laws as any fluid moving in a fixed
channel. The more easily the particles adjust themselves
to each other, the more rapid will be the flow, other 
things being equal. Nothing hinders the flow of traffic 
so much as a line of vehicles moving on a fixed track
and having the right of way over other traffic. If such
a thoroughfare as Broadway, in New York City, were asphalted
from end to end, and its vehicluar traffic carried on by 
various forms of the motocycle, its capacity would be 
largely increased.
  The force of this statement will be realized by any
one who has watched the ease with which the bicycle 
can thread its way through a crowed thoroughfare.
Making allowance for its larger bulk, the motocycle
shows an equal facility of control.
  The general adoption of this vehicle, and the consequent
removal of many of thousands of horses from the streets of
our cites, would result in greatly improved sanitary
conditions. The introduction of the trolley and the
cable car removed the nuisance in part, it is true, but
it still exists. A gusty wind will raise at any time in 
dry weather a cloud of dust, which is composed more than 
anything else of pulverized manure. The gravity of this
nuisance, viewed from a sanitary standpoint, is not 
generally appreciated. The adoption of any device, such
as the motocycle, which will abolish the horse from a city's
streets, would be welcomed by its sanitary officers as 
largely conductive to public health"


