This is the first of two forests that will be found on the Island of Balamb.  As you can see by the descriptions, each forest room description is not original, but I have managed to create enough descriptions so that there are not two rooms touching each other that have the same description.  As well I have coded outside room descriptions as well as separate inside room descriptions.  I have included templates of these rooms if you would like to take a look at them.  They are included in the forests directory under rmtemp.

There are 5 different types and monsters inhabiting the forest and they range in level from 10 to a possible 29.  The bite bugs are the smallest monsters and come in twos.  What I mean by that is that each room containing bite bugs, contains two and they assist each other in combat.  There are 12 bite bugs in total.  There are 5 funguars in the forest, each a level 12 and there are also 5 caterchipillars in the forest, each a level 14.  The blue dragons number 7, their levels starting at 18 and going to a possible 21.  That part is randomly set each time they load.  Finally, there is a T-Rexaur that inhabits the forest.  He is a level 24 plus random 5.  Aside from the T-Rexaur, the other monsters are pretty simple.  Each has an attack of their own while the T-Rexaur has an three including the standard that comes with monsters.  Of his two extras, one is a room attack, the other is a single attack that will attack anyone in the room.  When this attack goes off, the T-Rexaur switches who he is attacking, so that peacing or taking the lead is a little more difficult.  The percentage of the room attack going off is about 12% and the single attack is 10%.  The standard attack is 25%.

The objects are all pretty simple.  All but the bone are just items that can be sold.  None of the monsters carries coins and none of the objects can be cashed in for any amount of money other than a shop would give.  This is because at some future point, those objects will become more valuable as spell components.  But thats way off in the future :)

There are 61 rooms and 30 monsters.

