You tell Blade: You also play Starfire, do you not?
->> I blade
blade's inv
ROOM: OBJ(room/vill_green)
OBJ(obj/soul#16012) INVIS
OBJ(players/saber/closed/new_mini/feline#16017) A ball 'o string
OBJ(players/saber/closed/new_mini/gothic#16016) Attitude (depressed)
OBJ(players/snow/dervish/gob#16015) Dervish Tattoo
OBJ(players/wocket/wedding/ring#16014) A solid ring of hematite (Fawn) (worn)
OBJ(players/pain/NEW/items/star#16013) INVIS
done.
->> I starfire
target not in play.
->> Blade tells you: ?

finger blade
Forsaken & Lost I am Blade the Apprentice Mystic (lord of evil) 
Level:            13  Experience:   475088
Money:         29043
Guild name:  Dervish
Guild Rank:        0  Guild Exp:         0
Attributes:
Mag:   19  Sta:   18  Str:   20  Ste:   18  Dex:   20
Int:   18  Wil:   19  Pie:   21  Luc:   15  Cha:   18
Player killer: No
E-mail address: none
Last called from: dialup-65.56.117.117.Dial1.Baltimore1.Level3.net (65.56.117.117)
Logged on since: Apr 18 17:24 2003.
Age: 12 days 9 hours 34 minutes 16 seconds.
->> finger starfire
Warrior Starfire the CyberNinja (lord of evil) 
Level:            11  Experience:   134998
Money:         12646
Guild name: Cyberninja
Guild Rank:        3  Guild Exp:         1
Attributes:
Mag:   20  Sta:   20  Str:   20  Ste:   14  Dex:   15
Int:   17  Wil:   15  Pie:   15  Luc:   15  Cha:   15
Player killer: No
E-mail address: none
Last called from: dialup-63.208.189.14.Dial1.Baltimore1.Level3.net (63.208.189.14)
Last called at: Apr 18 16:56 2003 to Apr 18 17:00 2003
Age: 1 days 8 hours 5 minutes 10 seconds.
->> Blade tells you: ask fred he will tell you

people
There are now 12 players (11 active). 1.65 cmds/s, 59.51 comp lines/s
   Address        Name       Age   Level      Location  
........................................................................
12.213.196.144  Orb          36d     19  room/vill_green
65.56.117.117   Blade        12d     13  room/vill_green
68.69.32.151    Aingeal      16d     40  players/aingeal/workroom
64.80.179.105   Ruby          6d     11  players/mythos/enterance
141.157.7.229   Darlin       36m      1  room/vill_green
64.80.179.105   #Pestilence  51d     50  players/pestilence/workroom
12.213.50.14    Boltar       861d100000  players/boltar/workroom
128.208.36.89   Lavonna      17d     17  players/eurale/VAMPIRES/RMS/coffin#15068
24.93.31.15     Martha       46d     19  players/fred/forest/Rooms/forest36
68.69.32.151    Feyth        30d     19  room/vill_green
134.29.1.18     Fred         114d    60  players/fred/workroom
24.118.63.100   Tormentor    11h      6  players/fred/forest/Rooms/forest36
->> finger fred
[ Fred ] controller of the Sands (neutral) <Wizard>
Level:         60+35  Experience:  4469418
Money:         18456
Guild name: Black circle
Guild Rank:       50  Guild Exp:   4797001
Attributes:
Mag:   20  Sta:   30  Str:   30  Ste:   19  Dex:    5
Int:   30  Wil:   18  Pie:   30  Luc:   19  Cha:    5
Player killer: Yes
E-mail address: none
Last called from: Krypton.MNSU.EDU (134.29.1.18)
Logged on since: Apr 18 12:56 2003.
Age: 114 days 26 minutes 8 seconds.
Plan:
My plans include but are not limited too:

-- Update/Open the Black Circle Mages!
-- Starting and finishing "Fred's Insane Asylum"
-- Possibly udpating South Park, new chars. etc.
-- Edit, Update, Create, Oh my.
->> halo blade I am asking you for a purpose.
You tell Blade: I am asking you for a purpose.
->> Boltar wizs: you can trans them into the locker area to get their stuff I
suppose
Blade tells you: and what might that pourpose be

halo boltar I have the list of items....I'll just replace them if he doesn't end up logging in there and having access to them.
You tell Boltar: I have the list of items....I'll just replace them if he doesn't end up logging in there and having access to them.
->> Blade risques: damn i am about to go get some sleep
Blade risques: i feel like shit
Blade tells you: well?

halo blade There is a question of multiplaying.  Do you play Starfire?
You tell Blade: There is a question of multiplaying.  Do you play Starfire?
->> Orb risques: good, you gone will make me feel a lot fucking better
Ruby risques: i can sense the love
Blade tells you: yeah but i havent logged him in but for one min and left to
see if fred could fix my problem and left

Orb risques: yeah, i'd love to skull fuck blade's rotting corpse
Ruby risques: that's just wrong
Blade tells you: so whatever you need to know let me know cause i need sleep
i am about to puke

Martha risques: scary picture in my head
Tormentor risques: he might actually like it orb
Blade tells you: are you done

Blade risques: shut up you guys
Blade risques: i am not in the mood for your bullshit
Orb risques: nice thing about shit like that tho is i can always get a new
cybernetic cock....just throw that one away and go get a new one
Orb risques: wouldn't wanna reuse it after that experience of course
halo blade Since you are ill, we will discuss this later this weekend when you are feeling better.
You tell Blade: Since you are ill, we will discuss this later this weekend when you are feeling better.
->> Tormentor risques: why waste a good cybernetic cock in the first place?
halo blade Get some rest, and I hope you feel better soon.
You tell Blade: Get some rest, and I hope you feel better soon.
->> Martha risques: oh my! a detachable penis!
Blade tells you: thanks i can hardly see straight

Orb risques: damn right
goto /room/post
room/post
You are in the post office. Commands:
read         Read from the mailbox.
mail <name>  Mail to player 'name'.
from         List all headers.
    There are two obvious exits: north and south
->> Martha risques: why if i had one of those, i'd never leave the house
(risque) Martha cackle
Blade tells you: and the bad thing is i am going away for the weekend so
hopefully i feel better by tomorrow

Orb risques: comes in multiple sizes....blade size (xtra small), medium
large and painful
Blade tells you: cause i am really dizzy have a headache and sick and can
hardly ee

halo blade I hope you feel better as well.
You tell Blade: I hope you feel better as well.
->> Orb risques: hooks up to your fluxjacks for extra sensation
Tormentor risques: hehe
halo blade But as soon as you are, we need to discuss this.
You tell Blade: But as soon as you are, we need to discuss this.
->> Blade tells you: yeah thanks hopfully considering i dont wanna be sick on my
birthday which is sundau

halo blade I have a log of you leaving 4 Air weapons in a box, logging out, Starfire immediately logging in and taking the weapons from the box.
You tell Blade: I have a log of you leaving 4 Air weapons in a box, logging out, Starfire immediately logging in and taking the weapons from the box.
->> Blade tells you: i have also been hacked alot reciently also

halo blade Feel better, Happy Birthday, and please let me know when you are able to discuss this.
You tell Blade: Feel better, Happy Birthday, and please let me know when you are able to discuss this.
->> Blade tells you: my friends got an ip thingy

Blade tells you: and they play around with shit too much

Blade tells you: they have some kind of trojan

halo blade The elapsed time from leaving the weapons in the box and Starfire taking them was less than 60 seconds, and there is no way that someone who hacked a character would have known to look for them.
You tell Blade: The elapsed time from leaving the weapons in the box and Starfire taking them was less than 60 seconds, and there is no way that someone who hacked a character would have known to look for them.
->> Blade tells you: and yes i logged off blade and when i logged in starfire it
came up that reconnect and throw the other copy out

Blade tells you: like i said i logged off blade and was checking a mesage
from a friend on aim

Blade tells you: and when i went to connect as starfire

Blade tells you: you know the message you get when you log back in when you
go dead link?

halo blade And someone who hacked your character just happened to know that 4 Air weapons just happened to be in the donation box at green.  Sorry....I don't buy that.
You tell Blade: And someone who hacked your character just happened to know that 4 Air weapons just happened to be in the donation box at green.  Sorry....I don't buy that.
->> Blade tells you: would you like to reconnect and throw out the other copy

Blade tells you: then dont but you know when you have friends with trojan

halo blade Go to bed.  We will discuss it when you are well.  I will investigate.  I'm checking both IPs now.
You tell Blade: Go to bed.  We will discuss it when you are well.  I will investigate.  I'm checking both IPs now.
->> finger blade
Forsaken & Lost I am Blade the Apprentice Mystic (lord of evil) 
Level:            13  Experience:   475088
Money:         29043
Guild name:  Dervish
Guild Rank:        0  Guild Exp:         0
Attributes:
Mag:   19  Sta:   18  Str:   20  Ste:   18  Dex:   20
Int:   18  Wil:   19  Pie:   21  Luc:   15  Cha:   18
Player killer: No
E-mail address: none
Last called from: dialup-65.56.117.117.Dial1.Baltimore1.Level3.net (65.56.117.117)
Logged on since: Apr 18 17:24 2003.
Age: 12 days 9 hours 41 minutes 6 seconds.
->> finger starfire
Warrior Starfire the CyberNinja (lord of evil) 
Level:            11  Experience:   134998
Money:         12646
Guild name: Cyberninja
Guild Rank:        3  Guild Exp:         1
Attributes:
Mag:   20  Sta:   20  Str:   20  Ste:   14  Dex:   15
Int:   17  Wil:   15  Pie:   15  Luc:   15  Cha:   15
Player killer: No
E-mail address: none
Last called from: dialup-63.208.189.14.Dial1.Baltimore1.Level3.net (63.208.189.14)
Last called at: Apr 18 16:56 2003 to Apr 18 17:00 2003
Age: 1 days 8 hours 5 minutes 10 seconds.
->> Blade tells you: they can change ip

Blade tells you: they have gotten into my computer when i have been on

Blade tells you: from another computer and messed with files from my pc

Breeti ( player 19+47 ) has entered the game.
Blade tells you: i have had them shut my pc down when i was sittin there
typing

Darlin ( player 1 ) has left the game.
Blade tells you: dont you know anythint about hacking and hacking programs?

Hercules ( player 14 ) has entered the game.
Blade tells you: cause i have seen them do it

Blade tells you: when i have been over there house

Blade tells you: i dont care if i puke on my keyboard i am not leaving till
this is straight

halo blade As a matter of fact, I do know quite a bit about it.    Now, go to sleep and we will discuss it when you are well.
You tell Blade: As a matter of fact, I do know quite a bit about it.    Now, go to sleep and we will discuss it when you are well.
->> Blade tells you: i am not leaving till this is done with

Blade tells you: i will sit here

Blade tells you: so make your decision

Blade tells you: you do believe me fine throw me in jail

Blade tells you: do=dont

haloe blade nods.  "As you wish.  You also noted just before you logged off and Starfire logged on that Air would kill a newbie."
You faremote to Blade: nods.  "As you wish.  You also noted just before you logged off and Starfire logged on that Air would kill a newbie."
->> Blade tells you: do whatever

Blade tells you: i dont give a fuck at this point

Blade tells you: people play this game and nothing is straight around here
anyway

Noirceur ( player 19+38 ) has entered the game.
halo blade What exactly do you mean by that?
You tell Blade: What exactly do you mean by that?
->> Blade tells you: well considering certain wizards dont do shit and take
attitudes anymore and wont help you just out of spite it
gets ridicilous

Noirceur arrives.
halo blade If you have a specific complaint about anything, I would be happy to address it after we finish dealing with this problem.
You tell Blade: If you have a specific complaint about anything, I would be happy to address it after we finish dealing with this problem.
->> Noirceur leaves north.
l
You are in the post office. Commands:
read         Read from the mailbox.
mail <name>  Mail to player 'name'.
from         List all headers.
    There are two obvious exits: north and south
->> home
  This is the innermost room of Aingeal's Cloud.  It is lined with mahogany
bookshelves containing esoteric texts from distant lands.  Against
one wall is an antique mahogany desk neatly stacked with ancient scrolls.
A large brick fireplace dominates the opposite wall, its broad, polished
stone mantle supporting a magnificent crystal longsword that glitters
brilliantly with the red and gold reflections of the merry fire as it dances
in the hearth.  Two overstuffed leather armchairs of deepest ebony
rest comfortably before the fireplace, separated by a small mahogany end
table.  A plush, wooly rug of light beige warms itself upon the floor before
the fireplace.  In the relative shadows to the east of the fireplace rests
a long couch, matching the leather chairs in every detail.  To the west
is the cool expanse of a picture window, complete with padded window
seat, that looks out upon the countryside below.  Tucked away in one
corner is hidden an azure portal, and the center of the room holds a 
mirror-like reflecting pool that is as smooth and still as glass.
    There are no obvious exits:
->> Blade tells you: and i will tell you one of the right now katya

Blade tells you: well?

halo blade We will address it after we finish dealing with this problem. 
You tell Blade: We will address it after we finish dealing with this problem.
->> Blade tells you: consider i am wrong anymore no matter what i say

Blade tells you: whats the point

halo blade Now....do I understand correctly that you deny leaving 4 Air weapons in the donation box at green as Blade, logging out, immediately logging Starfire on, and taking the 4 Air weapons out of the donation box?
You tell Blade: Now....do I understand correctly that you deny leaving 4 Air weapons in the donation box at green as Blade, logging out, immediately logging Starfire on, and taking the 4 Air weapons out of the donation box?
->> Blade tells you: i didnt immediatly log on starfire

Blade tells you: like i said i was checkin an aim message

Blade tells you: and when i logged in it gave me the one message like you get
when you dc

halo blade Do you have a log of that?
You tell Blade: Do you have a log of that?
->> Blade gossips: in neeed me a new keyboard
Blade tells you: how the hell am i suppose to log it

halo blade What mudclient do you use?
You tell Blade: What mudclient do you use?
->> Blade tells you: i dont know how to use zmud fully yet

help multiplaying
That file does not exist.
->> help multiple


                         [help multiple]
-----------------------=========+=========-----------------------   

There is one simple rule, if you have more than one character they
MUST be TOTALLY SEPARATE. Sharing of equipment, money, and anything
else is NOT allowed. If both players are on at the same time one 
will be removed, wizard/god's choice.  Also, having one character
dc'd and another active at the same time is considered multiplaying.

Leaving behind money or objects for a second to pick up or
to pass money through a third player, pet or monster is not legal
and will be considered multiplaying.

Also, there will be NO character sharing, give-aways, etc.
If this is done the transfered character will be placed on inactive
status until its disposition is decided.
There are many reasons for this:
1> more than one character logged in at a time IS CHEATING
More: (line 21) Blade tells you: i use to use gmud but switched to zmud and still am not sure
how to use it correctly all the way


2> it is against good and honest mudding practice.
3> it takes up extra login slots that can be used by others.
4> it takes up extra cpu time that could be used by others.

The honest player should be offended by such behavior.
IN SUMMATION, ONE LOGIN PER PERSON.

In addition, should you know that two or more characters belong
to the same person you may not use that knowledge in game play.
In other words if a person has character A in guild X the actions
done as that character have no bearing on those of his other 
character B, in guild Z. Separation is a two way street.


More: (line 41) 
EOF
->> Blade tells you: brb i need to take some meds

halo blade I find it fascinating that you know so much about hacking, yet have failed to master the intricacies of ZMud....where you can log with the touch of a button, or simply scroll back and do a cut and paste.
You tell Blade: I find it fascinating that you know so much about hacking, yet have failed to master the intricacies of ZMud....where you can log with the touch of a button, or simply scroll back and do a cut and paste.
->> Breeti ( player 19+47 ) has left the game.
Hogath ( player 19+8 ) has entered the game.
Guest ( player 4 ) has entered the game.
Blade tells you: i said nothing about knowing how to hack i was talking about
my friends

Blade tells you: i know of programs yes

Mishtar ( player 19+21 ) has entered the game.
Blade tells you: but i dont know how to use them

Mishtar tells you: how goes it?

haloe blade nods.  "Is there any additional information you want me to know before I conclude this and decide what to do?"
You faremote to Blade: nods.  "Is there any additional information you want me to know before I conclude this and decide what to do?"
->> haloe mishtar hugs you warmly.  "It goes well...and with you?"
You faremote to Mishtar: hugs you warmly.  "It goes well...and with you?"
->> Mishtar tells you: doin ok ;)

Blade tells you: do what ever

Blade tells you: since i am wrong about everything here anymore

haloe blade nods.  "Blade, there is frankly little doubt in my mind that you were multiplaying.  I simply do not believe you when you tell me that someone hacked your other character literally seconds after...."
You faremote to Blade: nods.  "Blade, there is frankly little doubt in my mind that you were multiplaying.  I simply do not believe you when you tell me that someone hacked your other character literally seconds after...."
->> Blade tells you: ok yeah sure whatever fine

haloe blade continues, "...you made a comment about Air then dropped four very valuable weapons into the donation box....and then somehow the hacker knew to go get them immediately from the same box."
You faremote to Blade: continues, "...you made a comment about Air then dropped four very valuable weapons into the donation box....and then somehow the hacker knew to go get them immediately from the same box."
->> Blade tells you: no one ever believes me anyways since i am always wrong
about someting

Blade tells you: i was talking to a friend when i told him on aim that i was
putting them in newbie box incase he logged in

Blade tells you: i told all my friends that that play here

Blade tells you: incase they wanted to use them

Blade tells you: so chew on that one for awhile

halo blade Okay...you now tell me something totally new and different than you did before.
You tell Blade: Okay...you now tell me something totally new and different than you did before.
->> Blade tells you: no i didnt

Blade tells you: ok sure now i am making up shit right

Blade tells you: that attitudes keep up i will just quit mudding and refer
all my friends to another mud

Blade tells you: i am tired of all this bullhit

halo blade Anything else you wish to tell me before I make my decision?
You tell Blade: Anything else you wish to tell me before I make my decision?
->> Hellraiser ( player 18 ) has entered the game.
Blade tells you: no go ahead you wont listen anyway and no matter what i say
i am wrong

Blade tells you: no wonder all the good wizards left

halo blade I have the authority to imprison you for multiplaying.  There is little doubt in my mind that you were multiplaying, and two players saw and reported it.  I have the log.
You tell Blade: I have the authority to imprison you for multiplaying.  There is little doubt in my mind that you were multiplaying, and two players saw and reported it.  I have the log.
->> Blade tells you: i just cant take any more of this bullshit

Guest ( player 4 ) has left the game.
Blade tells you: ok sure yeah what ever

halo blade Instead of imprisoning you, I will consider this a warning and confiscate the Air weapons from Starfire.
You tell Blade: Instead of imprisoning you, I will consider this a warning and confiscate the Air weapons from Starfire.
->> Hellraiser bows low to you from afar.
smile hellraiser
You smile at Hellraiser from afar.
->> halo blade This will be the only warning you get.  
You tell Blade: This will be the only warning you get.
->> Blade tells you: fine

Mishtar ( player 19+21 ) has left the game.
Hellraiser ( player 18 ) has left the game.
Blade tells you: i wont be coming back to play

Vashandra ( player 8 ) has entered the game.
Blade tells you: i am tired of the attitudes

Armageddon shouts: Game reboot in 10 minutes .
Blade ( player 13 ) has left the game.
Starfire ( player 11 ) has entered the game.
Starfire ( player 11 ) has left the game.
halo blade Under our discipline system, you have the right to appeal this decision if you choose to.  I will similarly write a summary of my decision and put it on file for future reference by other wizards.
Blade is nowhere to be found.

