Wizard First Area

  Everyone is usually excited about coding their first area and get-
ting it into play.  This sometimes leads to problems such as bad or
not throught through ideas, duplication of area ideas, poor looking
room descriptions, etc.  In order to make sure there is some sort
of uniformity in code here, your first area must meet the following
requirements:

	*15 - 20 rooms max
		Each room should have its own description. Nothing
		is more boring to players than to read the same
		description over and over again.  Proper grammar
		and punctuation should be used and that includes
		two (2) spaces after the ends of sentences.  The
		room description should be 3-6 lines in length and
		the length of each line should be approximately 70
		characters.  Obviously short or mismatched line
		lengths will not be permitted.

	*7 - 10 monsters
		This should be a low to mid level area so keep your
		monsters straight-forward.  Monsters that would not
		normally be carrying money (i.e. dinosaurs) should
		not have any.  Code some item that can be sold for
		the value of gold.  Put some thought into this process
		and you'll find that players will visit more often just
		because it's entertaining.

  It's not uncommon for new wizards to want to code an area with way
too many monsters of maximum exp so that their area becomes a
'slaughter house' of sorts where players go and mass kill.  Make your
monsters unique and keep to a theme.  It doesn't make sense to find
dinosaurs in outer space for example.  Once you've made a directory
with the appropriate name, put NPC and OBJ directories inside it to
keep your monsters and items they might have in the same general
directory.  This will also make it easier for whoever goes over your
area to find the things they need to.  Also, there should be a README
file in the directory explaining the area and any important facts
concerning the same.

  Do not get too fancy with your code in this first area.  The staff
here is looking forward to seeing all the neat things you're capable
of producing but we are more interested in seeing a sample of your
work first.  So code this first area so that we can get a feel for
your attention to detail and the quality we might expect from you in
you subsequent project.  Consider this a test.

  Much of the information you will need to complete this project can
be found in /doc/build/RULES.  Make yourself familiar with this
information rather than having to go back and redo a lot of work that
could have been avoided.

.  If you have questions about something or need some help, don't be
afraid to ask one of the other immortal staff.  We are glad you have
joined us and look forward to your success so good luck.
