
Bard Pet Info

Bards get different pets depending upon their levels.
At bard level 2 they get a raven (ac 3, wc 5, hp 15)
        level 4 they get a hawk  (ac 5, wc 10, hp 75)
        level 6 they get a drake (ac 5, wc 15, hp 175)  (standard)
        level 8 they get a phoenix (ac 8, wc 18, hp 200)(special)

the reason bard pets at 8th level are better than standard is because of the
limitations which the animals have.

LIMITATION - Bards take damage when their pet dies.  The bard will take
               random(d3) for a raven, d(15) for a hawk, (d35) for a drake
               and random (d15 + 25) for a phoenix.  The limitation is for all
               bard levels, even though only the phoenix is 'better' than
               the normal pet.

Bard Pets can not attack players, kids or pets.  Bards can not attack players.
There is no 'auto attack' command on a pet to make it defend its master.  I
have therefore coded 'protection' into the bard pets to keep the bard safe
(since the bard takes damage if the pet dies) from pet killing players.  If
the bard pet is attacked by a player/kid/pet, the bard may type in <guard 
pet type>  (example, <guard raven>).  This will 'summon' the goddess Crysea
(Who watches over the Bardic Guild) to tell the players/pet/kid that this
animal is under HER protection.  And pet/kid attacking will be set to 1/2th
of their current hp, while a player will loose 1/4 their hp/sp and be ported
to the church.  This may seen a bit exteme, but you must realize that no bard
can EVER attack a player (even in a pk zone), nor can a pet EVER attack a player
/pet/kid.  The only time this would ever be used is therefore in defense of
a pet from a malicious player.  This is a form of discouragement, it will
never kill a player/kid/pet.  And it looks really cool.

Bard pets have the is_pet() id thingy.

Bard pets cost 40 sp to summon.

Bard pets have some abilities built into them, which a bard may use.
These abilities are:
   Talk/Silent (the animal has certain 'talks' built into it.
   Guard       (see above)
   Sic         (make the pet attack a monster)
   Bye         (dismiss the pet)
   Give        (have the animal take a player an item from the bard)
   Munch       (eat a corpse for healing)
   Hand        (have the animal give a <player> (most be present) an object
                 that they have in their inventory)

Note that to use these abilities, the bard must first summon an animal.

Bard pets always follow their masters.  They will auto dest if their
master leaves the game.  They follow on a call_out system, set to every
6 heartbeats.
