The Elementalists will have four elements with 7 ranks in each element.
The cost as far go:    
1st rank: 100,000 Free Exp, 2nd rank: 250,000 Free Exp, 3rd rank: 500,000 Free Exp
4th rank: 1,000,000 Free Exp, 5th rank: 2,000,000 Free EXp, 6th rank: 3,000,000 Free EXp
7th rank: 5,000,000 Free EXp. This will go for each element. So this will have to be done
four times. Basic spells at entry level consist of: elementals - a guild who command, 
ele - the guild chat line, polish - which is the guild save command, gsave - which saves
the guild stats, Waterbond - which is a spell that is used to focus on water spells to 
give them a temporary boost it costs 60 sps and last 10 mins before it has to be recasted.
This is the same as Firebond, airbond, and earthbond, same amount of time and same cost.
Also Here is a list of spells for each elements the rank obtained and cost as well as cool
down and a brief explination of what they do. 
                                       AIR
1st rank: Air Bond- as explained above,  Tornado - guild teleport spell it costs 75 sps it
will allow you to teleport to the guild or a fellow guild member
2nd rank: Lightning Hammer - A basic round attack spell that does lightning damage base 
cost is 30 sps and goes up. The more it is used the stronger spells gets and the more Sps
it costs.
3rd rank: Lightning Clap - this is a stun spell to stun mobs in it costs 30 Sps to use and
temporairly stuns the mob. This cannot be used on players.
4th rank: Lightning Strike - this is a fatal for mobs when a mob gets low it finishes them off
sps costs is 25.
5th rank: Air Djinn - the djinns are guild pets. Only one of each element can be summoned per
reboot. Example Air Djinn, Fire Djinn, Water Djin, and Earth Djinn can be used only once per 
boot or eledjinn which is the bigger djinn can be chosen over the 4 minor djinns. The minor
djinns Cost 100 sps to summon and the eledjinn cost 150 sps. The only differences is the ele
djinn can cast spells from each element at random. Very basic pets.
6th rank: Nothing 
7th rank: Air Shroud - this is a spell that gives a random chance from time to time to be able
to cast up to 2 spells in one round, cooldown on this is 10 min and costs 50 sps.
                             EARTH
1st rank: Earth Bond (same as airbond and is explained above), Crystal Shards - is a basic attack
spell like lhammer as explained about but does earth damage its costs are 30 Sps and goes up in
cost and damage as well the more it is used.
2nd rank: Granite Skin - is a spell that hardens a shell of granite around your body to make a person
a little more resistant to damage. The cost for this is 70 Sps. It has a 5 min cooldown.
3rd rank: Shockwave - is a spell that does damage to your opponent with a slight chance to stun and does
damage. It costs 10 Sps and goes up the more it is used with costs of sps as well as dmg.
4th rank: -----
5th rank: Earth Djinn (sane as the other minior djinn as noted about)
6th rank: -----
7th rank: Earthen Prison - this is a spell to keep mobs/players. Has a chance to fail but summons stone to
cover your opponents feet to keep them from running this costs 20 sps and goes up the more it is
used and more accurate you get with it.
                                FIRE
1st rank: Fire Bond (same as other bonds cost etc.), Fire Dagger - is like cshards and lhammer but it does
fire damage it costs 30 sps and goes up with dmg and cost the more it is used.
2nd rank: -----
3rd rank: -----
4th rank: Engulf - this is a spell to engulf your opponent and doin fire over several heartbeats doin damage
it costs 60 sps and can only be cast once per mob/player.
5th rank: Flame Djinn (same as basic minor djinns that are explained above)
6th rank: Fire Storm - this summons a firestorm to do aoe damage in the room over time, this will not do 
damage to the elementalists or the djinns but will hit everything else. it costs 60 sps.
7th rank: Pyro Blast - is a spell that gets its strength over a peroid of three rounds and releases damage
into the opponent. The cost is 120 Sps and have a 30 sec. cooldown.
                                 WATER
1st rank: Water Bond (same as other bonds and cost same), Ice Blast - same as other small attack spells like
lhammer and all just water damage. Costs are 35 Sps and go up with use costing more and doing more damage.      
2nd rank: Maelstrom - this is a spell that calms the room of any combat. Costs are 50 sps.
3rd rank: -----
4th rank: Rain Storm - is a health regeneration spell does small regeneration of health over several heartbeats,
the sps cost is 15 and goes up the more it is used along with a lil more of amount it heals. 
5th rank: Water Djinn (same as other minior djinns costs and everything same)
6th rank: Ice Mirror - is a spell that makes the opponent you are fightning run. has chance of fail and costs
45 Sps with a 1 min cool down.
7th rank: Tsunami - is a spell that does water damage a little bit bigger than minor spells and gives attack a
percent chance to fill opponents lungs with water over a few heartbeats to do damage.

Also the guild will not be allowed to wear armor so there for they will have to shape their own armor. The command
kataprep is the command to do this. The cost for this is 50 Sps and 1,000 coins per piece of armor shaped. The only
piece of armor that will be allowed to be worn is the elemental test armor when that is completed. Also the elemental
test aura is the only way they will be allowed to summon the elemental djinn, they will have to be guild maxxed as well
as have done the elemental test.

No Game weapons will be allowed to be wielded also, which brings the command eweapon, this is the guild weapon, almost
kind if like the ninjas how the draw and release thier weapons, but the staff will hardly do damage this is a spell 
based guild!

Also Stamina and strength is not allowed past 20 for this guild is a spell based guild and on the other hand, that 
stat magic will be allowed to be raised to 50 but at a cost. It will cost 1,000,000 free exp for each point it
is raised after 30. this can be done in the guild hall.

No prets other than the ones that can be summoned, being the djinn that have been coded into the guild will
be allowed to be used.

There will also be 4 elder spots for the guild, they are basically the guild GC assigned by the wizards (Shinshi and I)
they are basically the law of the guild and will have the power to suspend people and unsuspend people as well as expel
people from the guild if the acts of a member are to harsh and are very bad and abusive. These commands will be logged
to make sure they are not abused. The Expel command asks for a reason when you execute this command.

Recruiting will be handled by the four elders and will hand the recruits a book, this will go into history of the guild
and allow them access to the guild hall. Once they teleport to  the guild hall the mob at the entrance will go into a
story line and ask the recruit to go to the four elements. Once the story is done they will be able to move around the
guild hall and inquire what the elements what to join. Each element will ask for an item around the mud. these items are
the Bolt of Lightning in area with he who must wait in the rift for air. Water will ask for Tsunami in snows area. Fire 
will ask for the eyes of fire in dunes elemental tower. Earth will ask for robes of the earth in qualtor. Once they 
inquire at the mob of a designated element they will have a choice to be able to teleport then and there to the mobs 
location in the realm for 15,000 coins as a cost for transport. They will have to kill and return back to  the guild hall
and give the designated item to the designated mob. Upon completion of that mob they will return to main guild hall entrance
and type complete. This will then send main mob to look for marks that are given by each element if all four have been
obtained he will welcome the recruit and hand him the elemental orb and they are now in the guild.

I Think this is everything if you need anything else please mudmail and you know how to get ahold of me thanks!!!!!
                              