xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

     BASE SKILLS
GUILD
LEVEL  NAME           AFFECT 
  1    Absorb         Converts corpses to MP @ the rate of 1+corpse_level.
  1    Changeform     Allows player to changeform into the symbiote covered mode.
                      This gives the player access to all guild powers/abilities.
         cost=  300 MP
  1    Flee           Since symbiotes are blocked from quitting or moving from 
                      room to room while engaged in non-pk battle, this ability
                      allows the player to stop combat.  THIS WILL ONLY REMOVE
                      THE PLAYER FROM BATTLE - any others in the same battle 
                      will continue as normal.
         cost=  50 sps (sps will go negative for this spell - though if they do,
                5 MP    the negative sps will be zeroed by setting the player to
                        30 hps)
  1    Frenzy         This is an auto ability that goes off randomly.  It is
                      based on the amount of damage that a player takes during
                      combat - think of it like rage.  When it builds up enough,
                      Frenzy mode will be set for a (GLVL)+random(GLVL) rounds.  
         cost=  Continuous drain on sps @ GLVL/5 rate for duration.
  1    Sense          Symbiotes are blocked from using locational who screens,
                      so they may use the sense ability to determine who is in
                      a given area or if a certain person is in the area.
  1    Threat         A non-locational who screen that shows only pkers.
  1    Tentacles      10 tentacles that can be placed into attack, defend, 
                      regen, or burnoff.  The more in one place, the better, but
                      weakening the others.  
 20    Lair           A personal guild hall that can be placed almost anywhere                  
                      outside of the main village.
         cost=  10,000 sps
         cost=  10,000 hps
         cost=  10,000 MP
         cost=  2,000,000 coins

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
