Hey Boltar (Brent Peterson)
The events that happened are as follows.
Maledicta threatened me if I wrote to you.
I did.
Maledicta suspended my powers.
I posted a note in the guild he did not approve of.
Maledicta threw me out of the guild and threatened to
remove Beez as well. (So much for player seperation)
I posted a note on the rage board in the adventurers guild.
Maledicta removed it.
I posted note after note and he would remove them.
He finally coded something to my character that prevented me
from posting at all on the board.
I made a newbie char and posted. That char was thrown in jail,
I made another, and Mythos wrote me and threatened me and I
responded to him and copied it to you.
The childishness was on your wizards part not mine.
The board said it was to post note against wizards so I did.
His coding me so I could not post was illegal.
I did not make any more chars after Mythos' warning but
he jailed me anyway and also so took it out on Worm because he    bares a
grudge.
You approved it. SO>>>>>>>>>
I wrote to mudservices.com and told them how their number 1 policy was being
ignored on your mud and also copied them about
what you thought of their services on your page.
I am also pondering if you have set yourself up as an NPO since you
obviously have been recieving donations for the mud, and I bet you have not
declared them on your income tax. *laff*
Can you say IRS??? Well there is a small reward for turning in
folks that cheat them so I have to give it some thought.
Then I realized that I think you let your wizards run over you
and trash your guild and break any rules they want to but you are most
likely the least appreciated of the bunch. You do keep something up that
gives a lot of different people some sort of escape from the everyday
boredom of the world and you really do not get much of anything out of it.
likely the least appreciated of the bunch. You do keep something up that
gives a lot of different people some sort of escape from the everyday
boredom of the world and you really do not get much of anything out of it.
It is not your fault that the wizards you depend on hold your rules in
contempt and have to flaunt their power where they can.
All turning you in may do is cause you to shut down the whole mess, so I
decided it was not worth punishing the people who do get some enjoyment from
it for the actions of the like of Mythos and Maledicta.   I guess the "rage"
I felt is to see how someone who cheated to get the quests out of the way
and never was much of a player to begin with is now your right hand man.
This coupled with the actions of maledicta who I really believe is driving
the guild you created into the ground, is a shame.
Still years of effort are stripped away by someone without hearing the why
of it and I do feel like you approved it. I don't think it is fair that my
families chars suffer as well as mine. In that you should intercede.
rumba

